Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
DOUBLING IS AN 
OPTICAL ILLUSION
MIRRORING WORLDS 
BINARY TRIPLET 
OVERLAPPING REGISTRATION 
POLAR NUMBER MATES  
DUAL COORDINATE SYSTEM 
DOUBLING — CHAPTER 6

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
White Diamond Quantum 
Tiles Are Positive Numbers
Black Diamond Quantum 
Tiles Are Negative Numbers
Spirit is Always Surrounded By Magnetic Fields Traveling in the Opposite 
Direction in a Ratio of One Part Spirit to Two Parts Magnetism 
Polarity is determined by positive emanation of  Spirit and the 
ensuing negative count counter space of magnetism. 
Nine is the Higher Dimensional 
W-Axis of Time-Space Reality

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
•
Image: Geralt/ Pixabay
In  Vortex  Based  Mathematics  the  base 
ten  decimal  system  is  composed  from  a 
coil and its associated Flux-field.   
These are two distinctly different realities, 
occupying   separate   worlds   that   are 
woven  together  as  they  move  through 
space. 
When   Spirit   pierces   the   torus   skin   it 
rarefies  and  causes  quantum  curvature 
density.    
The  third  dimension  is  the  1-2-4-8-7-5 
surface topology of the torus.   
T h e   3 • 9 • 6   i s   t h e   h i g h e r   O m n i -
dimensional  world  that  is  only  occupied 
by Spirit and magnetism. 
The pumping action of the 3•9•6 6•9•3 Flux-
fields  causes  the  superconductivity  gliding 
action of the 1-2-4-8-7-5 Mobius Circuits. 
Time  is  an  irreversible  ratchet  upon  the  third 
dimension.  
Only 1/6 of the world is energized by Spirit at 
any given instance.  
I personally believe that our souls occupy the 
eternal  world  of  the  3•9•6  Flux-fields  and 
that there is no death, only transformation.  
By  My  Beauty!  All  your  doings  hath  My  pen 
graven  with  open  characters  upon  tablets  of 
chrysolite.  
 
 - The Hidden Words of Baha'u'llah
Two Separate Worlds that are Different 
 Dimensions Intertwined Together 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
THE BINARY CODE  
IS TRIANGULATED 
The binary code which is the most widely utilized operating system in computer science 
today is falsely believed to be an endless progression of numbers. The truth is that just 
like  everything  else  in  our  physical  world  made  out  of  concrete  mass  the  binary  code 
warps and returns upon itself. This is a bounded infinity of duration but not an infinity of 
direction,  a  closed  system  of  renewal,  an  ecological  system  of 
purification.   Periodic, 
cyclic,  endless  in  the  past 
and  endless  in  the  future, 
life  without  end,  evolving 
from the W-axis.  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
This  original  illustration  done  
in   1986   by   the   mechanical 
e n g i n e e r   S c o t t   G o s s l e r 
showing  that  Abhá  Cypher  is 
triangulated.  The  significance 
of   this   discovery   is   that   the 
binary   code   in   reality   is   not 
binary  at  all  but  instead  exists 
on  a  triangulated  lattice.  The 
binary  code  and  all  duality  is 
just   an   optical   illusion.   The 
minimum  number  of  parts  in 
any  set  is  three.      Two  parts 
physical and one part invisible.
THE BINARY TRIPLET 
BECAUSE THE BINARY CODE IS PERIODIC 
MOORE’S LAW DOES NOT APPLY 
THE BINARY CODE IS A CLOSED RACE TRACK COURSE

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
PERFECT OVERLAPPING REGISTRATION 
God’s  Abhá  Cypher  is  a  spectrometer  that 
contains  18  numbers  but  only  half  of  them 
are   visible.   The   rest   is   hidden   by   being 
folded  over  upon  themselves  as  a  result  of 
perfect registration.  
Energy flowing into the future always follows 
this  superfluid  topological  pathway.  This  is 
natures  coordinate  system  revealed  by  the 
Decoqubit torus. 
The   dark   green   is   the   left   descending 
Mobius Circuit +1, -2, +4, -8, +7, -5 . . .   and 
the   light   green   is   the   right   ascending 
Mobius Circuit -1, +2, -4, +8, -7, +5 . . .  
There  are  really  two  Mobius  Circuits  with 
one  hidden  behind  the  other  because  of 
perfect registration. 
Encrypted Knowledge 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Only  by  squaring  prime  numbers  are  you 
able  to  achieve  a  higher  dimensional  base 
number counting system.   All other systems 
such as the binary code, hexadecimal, base 
twelve, and base fifteen, etc. are completely 
false  and  a  manmade  error.  There  exists  in 
3-D reality only radix 10, 26, 50, 122 . . . . etc 
which   makes   the   perfect   Decoqubit 
Holographic  Hypersphere.  All  of  the  higher 
dimensions  are  compressed  down  into  a 
single   one   represented   by   the   Omni-
dimension,  the  Equipotential  Major  Groove 
gap space, 3•9•6; 6•9•3; 3•9•6.
Spirit cleaves in twain the numbers three and six.  
The triangle, Diamond, and hexagon all occur in Phase 
3 & 6 ARE THE FURTHEST MOST EXTREME  
DISTANCES FROM EACH OTHER
360º ÷ 40º = 9º 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
-3
-3
-6
+
9
+6
-9
THE BINARY TRIPLET
Both  male  and  female  can  be  positive  or 
negative  but  are  always  the  same  polarity  in 
conjunction  with  each  other.  The  standard 
model of duality with the Yin and Yang being 
comprised  of  two  parts  is  inaccurate.  There 
are really three parts to the Yin and Yang. The 
key   to   harmony   and   well   being   in   our 
personal  relationships  as  husband  and  wife 
are synchronization to the invisible 9 which is 
Spirit.  The  number  nine  is  the  control  and 
invisible  3rd  element  represented  by  the  S-
curve inside the yin and yang. 
The  Yin  and  Yang  is  an  optical  illusion,  as  it 
appears to be a duality when in reality it is a 
binary triplet. Nine is centered at the Apex of 
three  and  six,  and  is  always  invisible.  The 
oscillating  three  and  six  never  touch.  What 
matters most is that 3 and 6 are both on and 
off at the same time by being coupled to the 
9 and are thus in-sync.  
Only   the   3   and   6   magnetic   fields   can 
instantaneously respond to provide slippage 
and free play to the Number 9 Spiritual Flux. 
The  higher  dimensional  3•9•6  Flux-Fields 
pierce  and  impart  spin  to  the  3D  counter-
spiraling  1-2-4-8-7-5  Mobius  Circuits,  which 
always comes in pairs.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
U n d e r p i n n i n g   N e s t e d   V o r t i c e s   a r e 
responsible for gender. Male implodes within 
and female explodes and express out. 
The  feminine  is  visible  everywhere  through 
out the world and is seen as a hexagon such 
as  a  tortoise  shell.  Masculine  is  the  triangle 
which  is  a  negative  vortex.  Just  as  man  is 
hidden  by  his  beard  the  woman  is  the  white 
whole  that  is  revealed  by  her  beauty.  Both 
male and female occur in conjunction and in 
the eyes of God are equal. They are the same 
but  different.  One  cannot  exist  without  the 
other.   Three  is  male,  six  is  the  female.   They 
are both worshiping the Nine.   This is a   two 
stage surge pump that is being driven by the 
third  component    at  the  center.   They  joined 
through Spirit. 
MOTHER NATURE EVOLVES PATTERN  
FATHER EVOLVES MATTER IN TIME 
MATER TO PATER 
FATHER TO MOTHER  
MATTER TO PATTERN 
FATHER IS THE SEED (ATOM = ADAM) 
SHE  IS THE WOMB (MAN)  
CO-CREATING ONE FROM UNION 
SPIRIT IN UNION 
36
9

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Decoqubit consists of a 3D dual non-cartesian X-Y-Z 
coordinate system with a separate Omni-Dimensional W-Axis.
Standard Cartesian X-Y-Z Coordinate System
Time Component Correlation
EVERYTHING STARTS FROM THE INSIDE OUT
Primalshell [CC BY-SA 3.0 (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)]

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/69/Coord_system_CA_0.svg
The   Polar   Number   Mates   are 
always  separated  by  three  steps 
of  the  Mobious  Circuit.  1,8;  2,7; 
4,5  are  all  alined  on  a  horizontal 
plane. The  Decoqubit’s  torus  skin 
is  composted  from  these  number 
mate  pairs.  When  1  and  8  are 
vertical 4 and 5 are horizontal and 
2  and  7  are  invisible. These  three  
X, Y, and Z axises cycle and rotate 
from one to another. This bilateral 
symmetry  is  a  result  of  thirds  and 
is not a duality. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The classic infinity symbol, lazy eight, resting on its side, in reality has six intersecting 
numbered  positions  that  are  1-2-4-7-5  which  curve  at  their  intersection  points.  Each 
one of these points are the beginning of a multiplication series. Polar Number Mates 
always equal 9 and are perfect mirrors. The center of the Mobius Circuit is not on the 
center of the circle which is very significant.
POLAR NUMBER MATE BUILDING BLOCKS  
•
DISCRETE NUMBERS ARE GEARS THAT MUST MESH TOGETHER 
TIME IS A  BOUNDED INFINITY ON THE THIRD DIMENSION

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Mobius Circuit’s center is off-center. The zero is 
centered vertically but not horizontally. 
The center of a circle and the location of zero on 
the  Mobius  Circuit  are  different  locations  just  as 
equilibrium  does  not  mean  the  same  thing  as 
balance.   
Through  spin-array  of  the  Mobius  Circuit’s  the  central 
hole of the vertical axis, within the hypersphere, is put back in the center of the 
circle.  
Movement puts the hole back into the center. There are check valves that keep 
the  flow  from  moving  backwards.  This  is  called  a  ratchet,  oneway  positive 
systematic flow. 
Without Spirit’s positive emanations everything would cease to exist.  
The number 9 reins supreme because it is the crown at the highest position. The 
vertical alinement of the number 9 over the zero is a perfect spindle linking the 
Diamond and the gyroscope together.  
Spirit’s  Flux  is  what  is  driving  magnetism  and  together  they  are  what  is  cutting 
the Mobius Circuit’s to create the forwards motion of electricity.  
The  number  9  is  orthogonal  to  the  zero,  while  everything  else  is  horizontal. 
Thus, Spirit is always perpendicular in its relationship to the third-dimension.  
It  inflates  and  distends  all  matter.  The  ratio  is  1/6.  Bilateral  symmetry  is  the 
result of 9 aligning up over Zero. 
9 
0 
ENDLESS SPIN-ARRAYED MOTION 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The mirrored Polar Number Mates 1&8, 2&7, and 4&5 represent the cross section axes, in 
3D  space,  of  the  X-Y-Z  planes  of  the  Decoquibit  superluminal  holographic  hypersphere. 
Prime  number  3  squared  creates  the  Base-10  counting  system.  There  is  a  critical Timing 
Component  correlation  between  the  discrete  numbers  and  the  tile  distance  from  the 
number  nine  W-axis  which  is  expressed  by  the  Diamond  Quantum  Tiles  (DQT’s)  surface 
topology upon the torus skin. 
Every Black Hole Inverts and then Connects  
to a White Hole because of Toroidal Pinch. 
Gold line is 
Multiple’s of 1 & 8
The blue line is coming 
from the inside out and 
therefore  the numbers 
are not seen. 
Green line is 
Multiple’s of 4 & 5
Blue line is 
Multiple’s of 7 & 2
The blue line, gold line, and 
green line, X, Y, Z and W-axes 
are orthogonal to each other. 
This perpendicular relationship 
results from the tangental 
cutting action of Spirit.  
INFINITIES EPICENTER 
Every polar mate multiplication series 
has a counter directional multiplication 
series on the same plane but of the 
opposite polarity and opposite direction.  
In
Out

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
In  map  making  cartographers  use  the  conventional  mapping  system  called  the 
Cartesian  coordinate  system.  Only  the Vortex  Based  Mathematics  coordinate  System 
is  a  true  3-D  map  of  the  universe  because  it  uses  a  dual  coordinate  system  coupled 
the inverse square law. 
The Cartesian coordinate system is composed from squares and the Dual coordinate 
system is composed from Diamonds. By using Diamonds instead of squares my maps 
are  elastic  and  contain  100%  more  data.  Diamonds  cannot  be  ripped  or  torn  apart 
where as squares have no give. 
The  Decoqubit  Hypersphere  is  composed  from  the  Dual  coordinate  system.  Fifty 
percent  of  the  Diamond  Quantum  Tiles  (DQT’s)  are  positive  and  the  other fifty 
percent DQT’s are negative.  
Spirit’s  positive  emanations  results  in  magnetic  negative  draft  counter  space  in  the 
opposite direction.  
Everything  is  created  from  the  Primal  Point  of  Unity  at  the  center.  There  are  many 
names for the center such as Toroidal Pinch, God’s Eye, and Zero which is an aperture.  
THE STANDARD CARTESIAN 
COORDINATE SYSTEM  
IS VERY PRIMITIVE 
BECAUSE IT IS ONLY 2D 
Spirit is Always Surrounded By Magnetic Fields Traveling in the Opposite 
Direction in a Ratio of One Part Spirit to Two Parts Magnetism 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
50% of the Dual Coordinate 
System is Positive 
50% of the Dual Coordinate 
System is Negative 
The six numbers 1-2-4-8-7-5 on the 
Mobius Circuit represent the X, Y, Z, 
coordinates of 3D space.  
The   Decoqubit   Hologram   Shear 
One  8  &  1  multiplication  series  are 
the vertical X-Axis. 
The   Decoqubit   Hologram   Shear 
One  5  &  4  multiplication  series  are 
the horizontal Y-Axis. 
The   Decoqubit   Hologram   Shear 
One  2  &  7  multiplication  series  are 
the invisible Z-Axis. 
100% Dual Coordinate 
System with positive and 
negative numbers 
combined.
THE DUAL NON-CARTESIAN COORDINATE SYSTEM USES DIAMONDS  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
1 to 2
4 to 8
2 to 4
The VBM Primer is  
God’s Spirit Magnetometer
There are 3 different green line lengths which compose the Mobius Circuit. 
From  1  to  2,  2  to  4,  and  4  to  8.  Each  one  of  these  lengths  represent  a 
different X, Y, Z axis in space along with a time-dependent component. 
The Three Planes of 3D Space 
0 (1) Quantum Tensor Algorithm   

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
5D Heaven is Entwined with 3D Earth 
5D 
5D  Eternal  Heaven  is  entwined  with  3D  contingent  and  dependent  Earth.  The  5th 
dimension is Omni-dimensional. The 4th & 5th dimension occur simultaneously.   All 
the  higher  dimensions  above  the  3rd  are  combined  together  into  one  and  occupy 
the  central  gap  space.  The  gap  space  displaces  and  distends  the  two  Mobious 
Circuits apart and this is where the underpinning Nested Vortices occur.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins