Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Harmonic Cascadence
  HARMONIC CASCADENCE—CHAPTER 5
INTWINED DIMENSIONS 
THREE FAMILY NUMBER GROUPS 
THE DIAMOND MIRROR FACETS 
THE DANDELION PUFF PRINCIPLE 
INFINITY’S EPICENTER 
TWO SEPARATE WORLDS 
NATURES RHYTHM & STRUCTURE 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Three and six can never touch and only connect with the number nine. They are 
the  furthest  most  distance  from  one  another  and  create  the  forwards  motion  of 
time.  Nine  is  Omni-dimensional  Spirit  and  3  and  6  are  the  magnetic fields  that 
give slippage and free-play in the reverse direction.  When nine is positive 3 and 
6 are both negative and visa versa. Nine is the central axis of control. 
ILLUSTRATING IMPLOSION & EXPLOSION 
Gears
Implosion
Explosion
Primal Point

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
HIGHER DIMENSIONS ARE COMPRESSED 
I firmly  believe  that  all  the  higher  dimensions  are  compressed  and  combined  together. 
into One. I refer to this higher dimension as the Omni-dimension. This Omni-dimension is 
revealed by the discrete number pattern +3 —9 +6; —6 +9 –3; +3 —9 + 6  Because Spirit 
and magnetism are inseparable and always occur together at the same time the 4th and 
5th  dimension  are  really  One.  The  magnetic field  occupies  the  4th  dimension  and  the 
Spirit Flux exist in the 5th dimension. Only magnetism can give slippage and free play to 
Spirit  by  moving  simultaneously  in  the  opposite  direction.  Spirit  emanating  linearly  in  a 
straight line is the source for the curvature and warpage of the universe.  
Numbers  are  real  and  alive.  When  Spirit  pierces  the  Decoqubit’s  torus  skin  a  discrete 
number is created along with curvature. Utilizing Vortex Based Mathematics, I am able to 
do  Spirit  Density  mapping  and  observe  the  longest  mean-free  pathway  for  electricity  or 
any other continuous medium. Superfluidity is the result regardless of the material, be it 
air,   water,   plasma,   or   even   an   entire   solar   system   thereby   achieving   macroscopic 
quantum results. The Decoqubit torid number map is the blueprint of the universe.  
The   number   Nine   represents   the   W-Axis   of   Spirit   which   penetrates   everything,   is 
irresistible, and is  known as the Dandelion Lion Puff Principle shown above. 
SPIRIT IS THE RENEWING PROCESSING CENTER, 
THIS SINGULARITY FUELS CREATION 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
As  Spirit  emanates,  it  reticulates  the 
Decoqubit,  creating  seamless  discrete 
number  multiplication  series  along  the 
X-Y-Z  axis  on  the  3rd  dimension.  This 
occurs as a result of core tethering.   All 
discrete  numbers  contain  Spirit’s  (W-
axis) metadata from the 5th dimension.
O  my  friends,  We  shall  not  come 
again,    but    will    conceal    God’s 
secrets  in  His  Scriptures  and  His 
Books,  as  bidden  by  One  mighty 
and bounteous indeed!                                           
   — Bahá’u’lláh
THE TORUS SKIN MODELS HARMONIC CASCADENCE 
The Dandelion Puff Principle is based upon Super Primes Squared 
A NESTED SYSTEM 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Radix-10 
only has two Mobius Circuits
Radix-26 
only has four Mobius 
Circuits 
Radix-50 
only has six Mobius Circuits
3
2
7
2
5
2
THREE FAMILY NUMBER GROUPS 
1            4           7      = 12    1 + 2 = 3 
2           5            8      = 15    1 + 5 = 6  
3            6           9      = 18    1 + 8 = 9
3
6
9
Positive 1, 4, 7 is the left Mobius Circuit. 
Positive 2, 5, 8 is the right Mobius Circuit. 
Positive 3, 6, 9 is the underpinning Nested Vortices gap space 
All of the family number groups are triangulated.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Gombad Fire Temple Dome 
Diamond Quantum Tiles 
are microscopic mirrors 
aimed at the Primal Point 
of Unity, each expressing a 
facet of  its own Light 
- Bahá’u’lláh 
Mirrored Facets 
O my brother! A divine Mine only can 
yield  the  gems  of  divine  knowledge, 
and   the   fragrance   of   the   mystic 
Flower  can  be  inhaled  only  in  the 
ideal Garden, and the lilies of ancient 
w i s d o m   c a n   b l o s s o m   n o w h e re 
except in the city of a stainless heart. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Diamond Quantum Tiles are miniature mirror facets aimed at the central axis. There 
is only one source of light but we see all of the reflections in the mirror panes and 
think there are a multitude of lights.  
The  Decoqubit  Holographic  Hypersphere  is  a  faceted  crystal  with  quantum  positioned  numbers.  The 
Palindrome   3•9•6   6•9•3   is   a   higher   dimensional   Flux-field.   Every   coil 
always has an associated Spiritual Flux and magnetic field. Theses two are 
inseparable.  There   are   two   types   of   fields.  Toroidal   fields   and 
Poloidal   fields.   Conventionally   wound   motor   coils   use   toroidal 
fields  while  fusion  reactors  use  Poloidal  fields.  The  Decoqubit 
Holographic Hypersphere creates a Poloidal field. 
3•9•6 6•9•3 Gap Space
LINK 
Pg 82
DIAMONDS ARE MINIATURE MIRRORS AIMED 
 AT THE CENTRAL AXIS INVERSION POINT

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Dandelion Puff Principle is known as a combinatorial 
explosion, a  rapid growth of the complexity. 
The Dandelion Puff Growth Principle 
Fibonacci Number Sequence  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Video by Tom Barnett 
2011  - View Video
Growth Characteristics  
The  Diamond  Quantum  Tiles  crystal  lattice reticulation pattern (net like pattern) is a 
result from Spirit emanating. Professor Scott Nelson refers to discrete numbers as being 
stationary vector interstices. There is one discrete number per DQT.  I have shifted all of 
the  numbers  onto  the  face  of  the  tiles  for  easier  viewing.  Every  time  Spirit  pierces  the 
To r u s   i t  rarefies the skin and creates a discrete  number.  The  Decoqubit  toroid  number 
map defines what a quantum is in perfect terms during ad infinitum exponential growth. 
Within the Decoqubit holographic hypercomputer both the hardware and the software 
are one and the same because of the instantaneous time component.  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
A daisy integer matrix has an 
u n u s u a l   m a t h e m a t i c a l 
property;   it   serves   as   a 
simple and naturally efficient 
prime   number   sieve.The 
d a t a   r e v e a l   a   m u t u a l 
dependency  between  prime 
n u m b e r s   a n d   Fi b o n a c c i 
numbers,   and   the   natural 
and   central   symmetry   of 
prime  numbers  within  three-
d i m e n s i o n a l   o b j e c t s . 
Botanical   objects   literally 
contain   a   natural   prime 
n u m b e r    g e n e r a t i n g 
a l g o r i t h m   w i t h i n   t h e i r 
structural growth algorithms.
A   hypothetical   distribution   of   growth   units   on   the   surface   of   a   cone,   showing   the 
distribution of the first 6 consecutive plant growth subunits on the surface of a cone (after 
Conway and Guy, The Book of Numbers). Figure (a) shows that the subunits have a specific 
position on the surface of the cone. Consecutive subunits (e.g., florets) diverge from each 
other  in  succession  by  the  same  angle  in  relation  to  center  (b).  This  growth  process 
produces  sets  of  opposing  spirals  on  the  surface  of  the  object  and  a  botanical  matrix  of 
integers in space and time (c).
The Botanical Integer Lattice

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Note  that  this  algorithm  creates  a  sloping,  saw  tooth 
array  of  numbers.  As  will  be  demonstrated,  this  type 
of  sloping,  Fibonacci  phyllotaxis  matrix  is  a  highly 
efficient and elegant prime number sieve.
Full Article by Professor Scot Nelson 
Click Here - Page 89

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Matrix Form of Growth 
Related to the Fibonacci 
The   multiples   of   each   prime   number 
follow   unique   spiral   paths   along   her 
surface   of   the flower   from   simple 
multiplication   series   associated   with 
Fibonacci differences.
T h e    c o m p l e t e d    d a i s y 
phyllotaxis prime sieve for 
the first n=233 florets.   
Full Article by 
Professor Scot 
Nelson 
Click Here - Page 89

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Only  3  and  6  can  respond  fast  enough  to  the  number  9  to  give  slippage  and  free 
play.    This  illustration  of  the  3,  6,  9  Family  Number  Group  reveals  when  and  where 
Spirit and magnetism pierce and rarefy the Torus skin, and is a result of the squaring 
of  prime  number  3  which  makes  a  5-D  Omni-dimensional  hypersphere.  Spirit  and 
magnetism are the driving force behind life and the source of phyllotaxis which is the 
spiraling growth patterns unfolding within plants, people, and planets. 
There  are  no  computer  scientists  today  who  understands  the  palindrome  3•9•6; 
6•9•3; 3•9•6 which is the Omni-dimensional computer language that obsoletes the 
primitive 2D binary code used today by Apple and the PC. Little do they know that 
the binary code is a periodic 6 digit recursion repeating pattern.
NATURE OF REALITY

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
God’s Chessboard of Life 
All  chessboards  contain  64  tiles.  The 
Mobius  Circuit  starts  anew  at  64.  The 
Decoqubit  Holographic  Hypersphere 
is  God’s  chessboard. The  fabric  of  the 
universe   is   elastic   and   cannot   be 
ripped   or   torn   apart   because   it   is 
made out of diagonals.  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Spirit’s positive emanations originating from the zero 
occur along the W-axis and are the source of all 
motion, vibration and time. 
Every  multiplication  series  has  a  counter  directional 
multiplication  series  on  the  same  plane  that  is  the 
opposite polarity and opposite direction.   
MOTION, VIBRATION AND TIME
Spirit emanates in thirds...life  and propulsion 
systems mimic nature’s design. +3 —9 +6; —6 +9 –3; 
+3 —9 +6 . . . . the pulse of the in and out, the 
breath of the Spirit.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Poloidal Pinch at the Primal Point of Unity is where Spirit originates as it travels out in a 
straight  line  along  the  W-axis.  At  the  Primal  Point  of  Unity  everything  inverts.  The 
vortex  renews,  cleans  and  purifies  the  environment.  Compression  shock  waves  ring 
throughout the Torus hypersphere. 
Poloidal Pinch can be used as an intergalactic space power propulsion warp drive. The 
Flux  Thruster  Atom  Pulser  is  a  nozzle  which  is  steered  by  the  micro  underpinning 
nested vortices, which act as gimbals to control space vehicle navigation.
Spirit is irresistible, penetrates everything, and is the source of all motion, vibration, and time.   
—Marko Rodin 
THE EYE OF THE NEEDLE WARP DRIVE
Poloidal Pinch Mirror Symmetry Toroid Coil 
 Intergalactic Space Power Propulsion System 
Poloidal Pinch

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Infinity’s Epicenter 
Only the numbers 2 and 5 connect to the number 1 at the event horizon which makes 
a portal into another world. This is the Primal Point source of emanation for Spirit that 
can  be  utilized  as  a  reaction-less  drive  intergalactic  spaceship.  This  is  a  doorway  that 
connects   the   higher   eternal   Omni-dimensional   world   to   the   contingent   third 
dimension that is dependent on Spirit of its existence. 
Original Diagram 
by Marko Rodin 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
THIS IS THE BLUEPRINT TO LIFE AND THE DNA BIO-AETHERIC  TEMPLATE 
The Invisible Hand of God
Higher 
Dimensional  
Heavenly World
Physical 3D World
God’s 
Cypher 
Key
TWO COMPLETELY DISTINCT DIFFERENT WORLDS THAT ARE INTERTWINED TOGETHER 
The  3•9•6 drives  and  moves  this  Mobius  Circuit  forward.  Only  when  you  separate  the 
Mobious  Circuit  from  the  associated  higher-dimensional  Flux-field  are  you  able  to  see  the 
internal functionings. 
THE MOBIUS CIRCUITS ARE A FLUID PUMP  
 
Mankind  incorrectly  sees  only  one  counting  system  and  does  not  realize  that  the  base  ten 
system  is  composed  of  two  separate  realities.  The  1-2-4-8-7-5  is  an  unbroken  coil  that  is  a 
bounded infinity of duration. This is the pathway that superconductivity and superfluidity takes 
as  energy  is  flowing  into  the  future.  All  continuous  mediums  follow  this  pathway  be  it  air, 
water,  electricity  or  even  a  solar  system.  This  is  scientifically  referred  to  as  the  longest  mean 
free pathway, the distance that a molecule travels without collisions, with no resistance.  
THIS APPLIES TO ALL MICROBIOLOGICAL SYSTEMS AS WELL 
Two worlds combined into one.  The 1-2-4-8—7-5 Mobious Circuit posses horizontal symmetry, 
while  the  3•9•6 is  in  vertical  opposition.  This  juxtaposition  fully  reveals  how  creation  was 
brought  into  being  and  is  continually  being  renewed  by  Spirit’s  emanations.  This  is  the  link 
between heaven and earth.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
IMPLOSION / EXPLOSION 
INSIDE / OUT 
MALE / FEMALE 
COMPRESSION / DECOMPRESSION  
BLACK HOLE / WHITE HOLE 
COIL / SPRUNG 
What in the world do these 
number patterns have to do 
with real world applications? 
These number groupings 
piece together into a jig-
saw-like puzzle pattern that 
perfectly demonstrates the 
way energy flows into the 
future.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
STRUCTURE OF LIFE 
These diagrams are taken from the book Aerodynamicsss, 
The Dandelion Puff Principle, Point Energy Creation Physics 
written by Marko Rodin     

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
All of the corners of the hexagon are 
comprised from the discrete 
numbers of one, two and five. 
Polarized Fractal Geometry can 
accurately model the periodic 
table of the elements. 
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/
Electronic_band_structure_of_graphene.svg
CARBON BASED | GRAPHENE 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
1
12487
51
24
8
2
82487
58
24
8
3
87487
5
87
4
8
4
87487
5
87
4
8
5
875875875
8
6
875874875
8
7
875874875
8
8
8758
2
4875
8
9
875
1
2
4875
1
SUPERSYMMETRY 
1-2-4–8-7–5    1-2-4–8-7–5     1-2-4–8-7–5  
Here you can see the spooning.  
There is an inverting taking place. 
The undulating waves are superimposed  
identically upon each other while traveling  
in opposite directions. They perfectly 
intertwine, they couple.
FLOW OF NATURE IN 
RHYTHM AND CYCLES 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
When doubling 1-2-4–8-7–5... the same discrete number series 
reemerges thereby producing another immutable sine wave. 
IMMUTABLE SINE WAVE 
+ 
— 
+ 
— 
+ 
— 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
HIS ENRAPTURING  CALL 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The breeze of eternity wafts in this Day 
from the mortal kingdom, 
‘Cause a fragrant scent breathes from the 
musk of His enrapturing Call. 
The Maids in the glorious chambers go 
into raptures, 
If they hear the melody of His enrapturing 
Call. 
New designs are drawn in the world of 
water and clay, 
If from the East the features arise of His 
enrapturing Call. 
The earthly world and the holy and 
glorious bowers catch fire,  
If heaven resounds with a sigh of His 
enrapturing Call. 
Mortal ears forget what they heard in the 
world, 
If they just enter the circle of His 
enrapturing Call. 
Life comes to naught, nothingness takes on 
eternity’s hues, 
If the things unseen emerge from the veil 
of His enrapturing Call. 
Craving hearts vanish into utter self-
effacement, 
If they catch one glimpse of the flame of 
His enrapturing Call. 
How could have the Messiah crossed the 
heavenly vault, 
Shouldn’t He have been guided by the roar 
of His enrapturing Call? 
Besides Him, no one could set his foot into 
the world of being, 
So earnest is the watcher of His 
enrapturing Call. 
No mortal eye could see any hue of 
existence, O son, 
If, for an instant, the eye would close of His 
enrapturing Call. 
O thirsty ones, plunge into the holy, and 
sanctified waters, 
As the fountain is flowing of His 
enrapturing Call. 
O Dervish, stop setting the fire of 
meanings to the world: 
His enrapturing Call is entangled with His 
enrapturing Call. 
— Bahá’u’lláh

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins