Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
3 
. 
9 
. 
6; 6 
. 
9 
. 
3;  3 
. 
9 
. 
6 
FOR SPIRIT
THE NUMERICAL FORMULA 
Religion and science are the two wings upon which man’s intelligence can soar into the heights, 
with which the human soul can progress. It is not possible to fly with one wing alone! 
 
— ʻAbdu'l-Bahá 
 THE NUMERICAL FORMULA — CHAPTER 3
 
UNIVERSAL FORMULA FOR INDESTRUCTIBLE NUMBERS 
WORLDS VORTEX - THREE FAMILY NUMBER GROUPS 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
9 IS  OMNIPRESENT SPIRIT FIRE 
And is always vertically aligned with the Zero
THE UNIVERSAL FORMULA FOR INDESTRUCTIBLE NUMBERS
Green is the Mobius Circuit veins of existence, the lattice, the matrix 
pathway that energy takes as it flows into the future.
The Abhá Cypher completely explains all the fundamental principles of the universe. 
The beginning and end and origin are one and the same;  and are located at the Primal 
Point of Unity;   and  is in the Most Great Name of God.
zerzero

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Hole is in the Whole
The  elusive  W-Axis  is  revealed  when  the  number  Nine  is  in  alignment  above  the  zero  at  the 
intersection of the Primal Point of Unity which is located at the center of the Mobius Circuit. It is 
the  source  of  time  and  the  ephemeral  light  rays  of  Spirit.  This  is  where  all  of  the  higher 
dimensions  are  compressed  together  into  One  place  called  the  Equipotential  Major  Groove 
Gap Space. All of the higher dimensions, regardless of how many is irrelevant because they are 
all consolidated into the Omni-dimension which is 3 . 9 . 6; 6 . 9 . 3;  3 . 9 . 6. 
The Zero located at the center of the Toroid Number Map can be utilized 
 as a space craft nozzle making mankind intergalactic citizens. 
The Torus is the most holy shape in the universe forming a sacred, higher-dimensional,  
Hypersphere generated by . . . .  
 
PRIME NUMBERS SQUARED: THE CREATION EQUATION 
Nine is Spirit’s Fire 
The  apex  number  nine  is  Spirit’s  Fire  revealed  by  the  Crown  Chakra  being  vertically  alined 
above  the  zero’s  hole.  Spirit  is  invisible  as  it  travels  tangentially  (shown  by  the  upright,  dotted, 
red line arrow on the left side page) while moving in a straight line from the inner diameter (I.D.) 
to  the  outer  diameter  (O.D.)  of  the  Torus.  Spirit/magnetism  is Orthogonal  and  intersects 
electricity  at  a  right  angle  thereby  imparting  motion  and  spin.  This  brings  into  existence  the 
three   different   Family   Number   Groups.  These   three,   phase   shift,   time   event   moment   of 
occurrences,  together,  make  up  the  base  ten  numerical  counting  system  of  Vortex  Based 
Mathematics (VBM).  Only spirit can travel in a straight line Omni-dimensionally. 
Mobius Circuit 
Where the Mobius Circuit overlaps along the central axis there is  
a hole that never closes and is the Aperture.  
Zero 
Zero  is  a  funnel.  Without  this  hole  there  would  be  no  heat  dissipation  and  the  entire  universe 
would incinerate by burning up. Instead this thermal refrigeration system is regulating itself at a 
constant temperature by transmitting waste heat into the outer ergosphere environment.  This is 
a closed looped cycle of renewal.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Divine Essence | World’s Vortex
  +3 —9 +6; —6 +9 –3; +3 —9 + 6 
Nine is the Spirit Flux control; three and six are the instantaneous magnetic field results.
VW SYMBOL =  ABHÁ CYPHER  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The  Decoqubit  is  comprised  from  three  different  Family  Number  Groups.  Each 
family number group is made from the other two Family Number Groups.   This is a 
very  elaborate  structure  that  scales  form  the  micro  to  the  macro.  Large  scale 
quantum macroscopic results are obtainable by utilizing Vortex Based Mathematics 
which brings positive and negative polarity dynamics into play. VBM’s diamond tile 
living  matrix  facets  enables  you  to  know  where  the  electron  moment  is,  where  the 
electron came from, and where the electron is going, past, present, and future  non 
invasively  thereby  obsoleting  the  Heinsberg  Uncertainty  Principle.  Vortex  Based 
Mathematics  is  the  choreography  and  dance  of  Family  Number  Groups  within  the 
Underpinning Nested Vortices.  
Tesla’s 3, 6, 9 when quantized is palindrome   
 +3 —9 +6; —6 +9 –3; +3 —9 + 6 
There  are  three  Family  Number  Groups  in  the  VBM  base  ten  number  counting 
system.  These  correspond  to  the  three  phase  shift  changes  that  Spirit/magnetism 
takes when it creates discrete numbers over the torus skin.  
The  number  9,  Spirit  Fire,  is  always  in  between  3  and  6,  and  emanating  invisibly 
from  the  inside-out  along  the W-Axis.  Numbers  3  and  6  never  touch.  Fifty  percent 
of the torus are negative tiles and fifty percent are positive tiles. The Mobius Circuits 
transforms  the  binary  code  into  a  three  dimensional  quantum  computer  based 
upon  triangulation  where  infinity  becomes  recursive  as  it  moves  diagonally  along 
the quantum diamond tile facets. 
QUANTUM SUPERPOSITION   
AND THE THREE DIFFERENT FAMILY NUMBER GROUPS 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Superfluid Mobius Circuits 
The  preferred  longest  mean  free  pathway  of  least  resistance  for  electrical 
superconductivity  always  follows  the  1-2-4-8-7-5  bounded  infinity  Mobius 
Circuits. The  3•9•6  imparts  triangulation  on  the  quantum  macroscopic  level 
to the 1-2-4-8-7-5. 
Diamond Grain Crystal Lattice Structure
The Abhá Cypher Primer 
Discrete numbers reveal a masterplan, 
proving that we are not alone.   
The  Most  Great  Name  of  God  (MGN)  is  Bahá’  and  all  of 
its   360
 
derivatives   with   the   highest   superlative   case 
being  ‘Abhá. The  ‘Abhá  kingdom  is  the  invisible,  Divine, 
Heavenly  world.  ‘Abhá  translates  into  several  meanings 
including   Splendor,   Wondrous,   and   Luminous.   Bahá’ 
means Glory, Light, and Value. It is though the agency of 
the  MGN  that  creation  was  brought  into  being  and  is 
constantly renewed. The diamond and the number 9 are 
all generated from the MGN. 3
2 
= 9 Three is the first true 
prime number. Two is NOT a prime.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Nine  is  the  exact  opposite  of  energy  cancellation.  Nine  is  energy  amplification. The 
second law of thermal dynamics is wrong. Since nine is always an invisible W-Axis it 
has incorrectly been believed to not exist. 
1x9=9 
2x9=18, 1+8=9 
3x9=27, 2+7=9 
4x9=36, 3+6=9 
5x9=45, 4+5=9 
6x9=54, 5+4=9 
7x9=63, 6+3=9 
8x9=72, 7+2=9 
9x9=81, 8+1=9 
10x9=90, 9+0=9 
Each  number  has  its  own  attribute  and  quality  that  makes  it  unique.    Zero  is  not  a 
number. It is an absence and a hole.   Nine is always located at the Zenith above the 
zero.  The  pathway  of  Spirit  emanating  is  from  the  zero  to  the  9  along  the  W-Axis  
which is a straight, vertical, upright line.  
Power of 9
THE TOROID NUMBER MAP  EQUALS THE DECOQUBIT  
COMPOSED FROM PAIRS OF  MOBIUS CIRCUITS

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Verily,  We  have  caused  the  signs  to  descend  after  nine  conditions,  each  of 
which is a proof of the Dominion of God, the Protector, the Self-existent, any 
one  of  these  conditions  is  sufficient  to  convince  whomsoever  is  in  heaven 
and earth, but the majority of people are heedless. 
— Baha’u’llah
Image credit: X-ray: NASA/CXC/SAO; Optical: Detlef Hartmann; Infrared: NASA/JPL-Caltech
Heaven and Earth and Creation



Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
This  is  the  hidden  knowledge  which  shall  never  change,  since  its 
beginning is with nine, the symbol that betokeneth the concealed and 
manifest, the inviolable and unapproachably exalted Name. 
   
— Baha’u’llah
Knowledge of Nine

Golden Ratio

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Jack  London  describes  waves  of  water  as  “communicated 
agitation’s” in which the water itself does not change position. 
The same description applies to mathematical equations. The 
numbers do not move, but our calculations flow over them. In 
this  way,  using  the  9  conditions  after  which  the  universe  is 
created,  we  can  model  all  spatial  orientations  and  preferred 
frames of reference.  
The  three  dimensions  are  defined  by  the  effects  of  Spirit  on 
matter, and can be mapped by winding the doubling Mobius  
Circuit through a circle.  The result is a Decoqubit  toroid. 
— Arron Emmel