Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
RODIN COIL TECHNOLOGY 
SYSTEM OF RENEWAL 
UNDERPINNING POWER 
VORTEX WELL 
ZERO ENTROPY 
WINDING 
HOW TO CREATE THE RODIN COIL
RODIN COIL TECHNOLOGY —CHAPTER 9

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Decoqubit is the schematic for the 
 Rodin Coil  
which is the shape of the Universe
The Rodin Coil is a miniature atomic particle collider. 
1-2-4-8-7-5 is lossless kinetic energy, 3 & 6 magnetic dipoles 
and 9 is an invisible monopole centered in-between.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
THE UNIVERSE IS AN ECOLOGICAL REPROCESSING SYSTEM OF RENEWAL
Every  pulsar  has  a  hole  in  the  center.  This 
hole   also   functions   as   heat   sync   by 
exhausting  heat  into  the  outer  ergosphere. 
Everything   must   maintain   a   constant 
temperature including a pulsar which would 
incinerate and burn out if it was to overheat. 
A  pulsar  is  using  stars  and  planets  to  bath 
itself   in   order   to   maintain   a   constant 
temperature   and   keep   itself   cool.   The 
Palindrome  3•9•6;  6•9•3  Spirit  Flux-fields 
are   responsible   for   this   heat   dissipation 
vortex  nozzle.  If  the  pulsar’s  temperature 
fluctuated   too   high   or   too   low   it   would 
immediately  self  destruct.  Modern  science 
is  only  now  becoming  aware  that  a  macro 
scale quantum world exists on a gross scale. 
Even pulsars have a superfluid lattice that is 
macroscopically   superconducting.   This   is 
life’s  process of renewal. 
Compression/decompression,   implosion/
explosion,  negative  vortice/positive  vortice, 
black  hole/white  hole,  male/female  are  all 
the  embodiment  on  the  3rd  dimension  of 
Spirit’s  emanating  from  the  higher  Omni-
dimension. This cascade of Spirit is famously 
renowned  by  the  ecstatic  state  of  Nirvana 
which is the apex of consciousness.    
A  pulsar  when  observed  by  utilizing  Vortex 
Based  Mathematics  is  a  torus  coil  in  the 
form  of  a  perfect  crystal  lattice  structure.  It 
stretches  and  gives  without  breaking  and 
c a n   n e v e r   b e   r i p p e d   o r   t o r n .   T h i s 
indestructible torus hypersphere is eternal.   
It was created by the breath of God. This 
i n a u d i b l e   s o u n d   c a n   b e   h e a r d 
everywhere  in  nature.  Every  life  form  is  
taping into God’s invisible essence.  
(Image: © NASA/JPL-Caltech)
Applications  
Link

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
This   invisible   underpinning   geometry 
of  the  universe  is  a  holographic  crystal 
lattice,  Divine  matrix,  wire  mesh  grid  in 
the form of God’s tapestry and contains 
all  of  the  axioms,  principles,  and  laws 
governing   the   motion   pathway   of 
energy  as  it flows  into  the  future.    The 
brain  and  mind  of  man  is  governed  by 
the  same  quantum  rules  which  when 
harnessed   through   meditation   and 
mantra’s  by  intonating  the  Most  Great 
Name of God imparts Divine Guidance, 
Illumination, and Heavenly Assistance in 
this  world  and  the  next  one  too.  The 
h u m a n   b ra i n   i s   a n   a n t e n n a   t h at 
transmits and receives communion with 
God and other holy souls.  
Fountain
UNDERPINNING POWER OF THE UNIVERSE
This is an inexhaustible fuel which can be used for  
space power propulsion to go to the stars. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
If there is not a hole in the middle of 
a  moving  dynamic  system  it  will  shut 
down  and  cease  to  exist  because  of 
incineration  from  over  heating.  Heat 
dissipation is how the universe works. 
Everything  maintains  its  existence  by 
keeping  a  constant  temperature  that 
does   not   fluctuate   beyond   a   small 
margin  from  the  human  body  to  a 
black  hole  in  the  center  of  our  Milky 
Way   galaxy.   Only   magnetism 
responds  quick  enough  to  Spirit  to 
give   slippage   and   free   play.   Our 
bodies are made out of stardust from 
countless blackholes of the past. This 
is  an  ecological  system  of  renewal 
that   circulates   based   upon 
compression/decompression.   This 
process  is  driven  at  the  vertex  which 
is  the  third  component.  The  result  is 
an  optical  illusion  that  resembles  a 
duality  when  in  reality  it  is  a  binary 
triplet. Even the yin and yang symbol 
has 3 parts. 
THE VORTEX WELL IS A FUNNEL COMPOSED  
FROM MICRO UNDERPINNING NESTED VORTICES 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Prime   numbers   represent   the   Uniqueness   and   Oneness   of   God   in   the   world   of 
mathematics  because  they  are  odd,  indivisible,  and  are  a  fine  mist  spray  of  spirit  that 
creates all of the Family Number Groups.  
The  Rodin  Coil  is  a  winding  pattern  schematic  for  energy  flowing  into  the  future  with  no 
reluctance  or  parasitics  cycling  through  time  and  space  in  accordance  with  biophysical 
harmonic principles.  
UNFOLDING FROM THE CENTER
SPIRIT EMANATES FROM  
THE ONE TO THE MANY    
DIAMOND PATTERNS  
REVEAL A PRISM OF LIGHT
HARMONIC WAVE  EVERYONE OF 
THEM HAS THEIR  OWN SIGNATURE 
NATURE REVEALS SPIRIT AMPLIFICATION

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
IMPLOSION & EXPLOSION 
CYCLE OF LIFE AND TIME
VORTEX OF ENERGY IN TIME
TORUS, MAGNETIC  FIELD
WINDING THROUGH SPACE AND TIME

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
There are not endless higher dimensions above the 3rd dimension. All of the higher 
dimensions  above  the  3rd  dimension  are  compacted,  compressed,  and  folded 
together into one Omni-dimension.  
In base 10 the 3.9.6   6.9.3 is an invisible, not seen, higher dimensional, Flux-field of 
one  part  Spirit  and  two  parts  magnetism.  This  is  called  the  Equipotential  Major 
Groove gap space. This gap space is always left alone and no copper wire conductor 
on the Rodin Coil is ever placed there. 
This  gap  space  is  always  empty  and  thereby  allows  the  eddy  currents  of  the 
underpinning  nested  vortices  to  activate.  This  gap  space  always  exists  in-between 
the super conducting  1-2-4-8-7-5 mobius circuits. 
Divine Base 10 has one pair of Mobius Circuits and a single gap space. 
Divine Base 26 has two pair of Mobius Circuits and a single gap space which now 
becomes longer but not wider.  
Divine Base 50 has three pair of Mobius Circuits and a single gap space which is 
now even longer again but still not wider.   
Divine Base 122 has four pair Mobius Circuits which once again only contain one 
gap space in-between them.  
Only  prime  numbers  squared  base  number  counting  systems  create  a  hologram 
compacting  all  of  the  higher  dimensions  together  into  a  perfect  Omni-dimensional 
Hypersphere (torus). 
If any number other than a prime is squared the result will be catastrophic. The result 
will be a tear in the torus skin and the great circles of the X, Y, Z axises will be broken. 
The Secret of How to Ramp up and  
Increase the Output of a Rodin Coil 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
11
2 
= Radix 122 
7
2 
= Radix 50
5
2
 = Radix 26 
3
2
 = Radix 10 
13
2 
= Radix 170
17
2 
= Radix 290
19
2 
=Radix 362
23
2 
=Radix 530
29
2 
=Radix 842
31
2 
=Radix 962
37
2 
=Radix  1370
PRIME NUMBERS SQUARED  
THE CREATION EQUATION 
LAYERED 
COMPACTED 
 COIL 
1
2
 = Radix 1 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
 HOW TO RAMP UP THE POWER OUTPUT OF THE RODIN COIL BY ADDING MORE PAIRS OF MÖBIUS CIRCUITS 
 
THIS IS THE SECRET OF POWERING ANYTHING FROM A HOME, TO A PLANET, UP TO  ANY MAGNITUDE 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Example:   
The Radix 10 gap space is: 
3.9.6; 6.9.3; 3.9.6; 6.9.3; 3.9.6; 6.9.3 . . . 
Base ten has one pair of Mobius Circuits. 
The Radix 26 gap space is: 
5.10.25.15.20; 20.15.25.10.5;  5.10.25.15.20; 
2 0 . 1 5 . 2 5 . 1 0 . 5 ; 5 . 1 0 . 2 5 . 1 5 . 2 0 ; 
20.15.25.10.5  . . .  
Base   twenty   six   has   two   pairs   of   Mobius 
Circuits. 
The Radix 50 gap space is: 
14. 7. 21. 49. 28. 42. 35; 35. 42. 28. 49. 21, 7. 
14;  14.  7.  21.  49.  28.  42.  35; 35.  42.  28.  49. 
21, 7. 14; 14. 7. 21. 49. 28. 42. 35; 35. 42. 28. 
49. 21, 7. 14 . . .  
Base fifty has three pairs of Mobius Circuits. 
The Radix 122 gap space is:  
33, 22, 49, 11, 55, 121, 66, 110, 77, 99, 88; 88, 
99, 77, 110, 66, 121, 55, 11, 49, 22, 33; 33, 
22, 49, 11, 55, 121, 66, 110, 77, 99, 88; 88, 99, 
77, 110, 66, 121, 55, 11, 49, 22, 33 ...  
Base one hundred twenty two has four pairs of 
Mobius Circuits. 
RADIX 50
RADIX 122
DIFFERENT POINTS OF  
VIEW & PERSPECTIVES FROM RADIX 10 
(3
2
), TO RADIX 26 (5
2
), TO RADIX 50 (7
2
)
Only shown for  brevity sake are four 
examples of Prime Numbers Squared toroid  
number maps.  Professor Faren Thorp was the 
first to discover  the relationship between 
Vortex Based Mathematics and prime 
numbers, and he was the first to understand 
that 2 was not a prime.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The   Decoqubit   is   the   longest   mean 
free   pathway   of   least   resistance. 
Through  following  the  Mobius  Circuits 
of   the   Decoqubit   all   resistance   is 
e l i m i n at e d .   Th e   M o b i u s   C i rc u i t s 
p r o v i d e   s u p e r c o n d u c t i v i t y   o r , 
depending on the medium or material, 
superfluidity.  Energy  is  self-insulating 
w h e n   i t   f o l l o w s   t h e   D e c o q u b i t 
geometric  pathway.  Marko  has figured 
out   how   to   get   rid   of   hysteresis, 
parasitics   and   random   collisions 
through  uncovering  the  conduit  and 
n at u ra l   p at h w a y   o f   e n e rg y flow. 
Because   every   numbered   Diamond 
Quantum  Tile  has  an  up,  down,  left, 
right,  front  and  back,  Marko  is  able  to 
use  this  as  a  quantum  supercomputer 
for information storage and retrieval.
 
THE RODIN COIL HAS ZERO ENTROPY (DISORDER) 
NO RESISTANCE & NO FRICTION 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The torus at the top has a well. The well 
is  crucial  for  good  health.   The  well  is  a 
funnel   that   is   compressing   and 
decompressing   in   a   two-stage 
surge pump. The center aperture of 
the   torus   is   a   nozzle.   In   the 
Bahá'í   Faith   scriptures   this   is 
re f e r re d   t o   a s   t h e 
Primal   Point.   It   has 
also   been   called   he 
Eye   of   God,   Toroidal   Pinch,   Z-Pinch, 
saddle mirror symmetry coils ... etc. The 
Dandelion  Puff  Principle  explains  how 
Spirit is emanating from this constriction 
point.   As Spirit shoots out it is traveling 
in a straight line from the inner diameter 
to  the  outer  diameter  in  all  directions.  
When Spirit pops through the torus skin 
it   rarefies   the   surface   topology   and 
creates a counting number.  
Every time you square a consecutive Prime Number  
you increase the Mobius Circuit by two.  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
In  electrical  distribution  if  the  electricity  is 
out   of   phase   it   will   create   resistance, 
parasitics,   and hysteresis.   There   are 
different   approaches   to   solving   this 
problem such as Active Load Balancing.  I 
have  found  a  very  simple  solution  to  this 
problem. The Rodin Coil is an air core coil 
and  has  no  iron  core  in  the  center.  By 
following  the  1-2-4-8-7-5  Mobius  Circuit 
pathway   the   electrical   load   is   perfectly 
balanced  and  evenly  distributed  between 
the  circuit  pairs  by  utilizing  Spirit’s  three 
phase  shift  event  moment  of  activation.  In 
this   Rodin   Coil   winding   map   of   one 
Mobius Circuit conductor there is a perfect 
Chinese finger  puzzle  where  the  harder 
you pull the more difficult it is to release. In 
this   winding   pattern   the   center   of   the 
conductor  is  always flanked  on  both  sides 
by   its   furthest   most   opposite   ends   in 
perfect   equilibrium.   This   eliminates   all 
counter-electromotive force back EMF. 
Spires Move in Perfect Equilibrium 
12
1
2
6
3
5
4
7
8
10
9
11
BALANCING THE ELECTRICAL LOAD 
The

Secret of 
Spires
Every time the Mobius Circuit winding passes itself it changes to another color. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
ONE CIRCUIT, SHOWING THE WINDINGS 
The Spires are a result of the windings, like different gears 
that connect they show the different pathways and its 
equilibrium, but it is only ONE mobius circuit.This hidden 
lattice emanates from the center creating our 3D reality. 
The  problem  made  today  by  most  people 
when  designing  a  Rodin  Coil  is  that  they 
are  confused  by  the  optical  illusion  of  the 
two  circuits  which  have  after  making  many 
revolutions  around  the  coil  only  then  do 
they finally  lay  side  by  side.  They  confuse 
together   these   two   distinctly   separate 
circuits.  This  circle  of fifths,  longest  mean 
free  pathway  of  least  resistance  is  a  much 
less   acute   angle   than   conventionally 
wound  toroid  coils.  Conventional  wound 
torrid  coils  create  toroidal fields  but  the 
Rodin Coil generates a poloidal field that is 
aimed   at   the   center   of   the   coil   like   a 
pinwheel.  It  has  been  said  by  many  others 
that  they  have  been  able  to  get  the  Rodin 
Coil  to  self-resonate.  The  Rodin  Coil  has 
also  been  utilized  as  a  capacitor  and  is 
capable  of  lighting  LED’s  far  below  their 
rated  value.  It  has  been  verified  numerous 
times   that   the   Rodin   Coil   is   producing 
Over   Unity   free   energy   which   is   not 
coming   from   nowhere   but   instead   is 
pouring out from the Omni-dimension and 
is called Spirit. It can run an entire home or 
even  an  industrial  complex.  Because  the 
Rodin  Coil  is  a  nozzle  it  can  be  used  for 
space   power   propulsion   and   makes 
mankind intergalactic citizens.  
CONVENTIONAL WOUND COILS VS THE RODIN COIL 
This   again   is   only   one   Mobius   Circuit. 
Every  time  it  threads  through    it  create  a 
new   spire   which   I   have   shown   in   the 
sequence  order:  red,    blue,    green, 
yellow,   and   then   back   to   red 
again.  And   each   angle   moves 
like   a Penrose   triangle   which 
folds in on itself. 
This   quantum   mechanics   spin   array 
creates  perfect  equilibrium  movement,  no 
pitch-yaw,  no  deviation,  no  friction.  This  is 
the   a   perfect   over   unity   energy   devise 
which   works   in   harmony   with   nature’s 
Divine Design. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Top illustration by 
Bill Ramsay
Bottom illustration by Marko Rodin
Article

!
While it is an optical illusion that it appears to be multiple gap spaces in the center of the Mobius Circuits and that 
there are numerous harmonic electron shears on the outskirts of the mobius circuits in reality there is only one. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
There are many key component features that must be incorporated to create a 
Rodin Coil that superconducts with no resistance. These are: 
1.Closed loop Mobius Circuits that always comes in pairs with the current 
flowing in opposite directions. An input and output is unnecessary.  I 
personally do not use stranded wire and prefer a plasma Rodin Coil with a 
changing aspect ratio. The Rodin Coil is a superconductor and  can be made 
out of any continuous medium. Eventually, I believe that the Rodin Coil will be 
made on a molecular level using the atoms themselves in a quantum array. 
2.The Equipotential Major Groove gap space which is always located in the 
center. This is where the higher dimensional Flux-fields underpinning nested 
vortices occur.  
3.The harmonic Electron Shear is located at the outskirts of the Mobius Circuits 
as the result of being wound in spires. This creates a natural insulation along 
the world boundary condition.  This is an invisible grain. Shellac or rubber 
coating insulation is unnecessary in a truly accurately designed Rodin Coil. 
4.There are three Family Number Group phase change moments of event 
occurrences where only one conductor is energized alone, and then the 
second conductor is energized, then both conductors stay off while the 
higher-dimensional gap space turns on.  
 
Electron Shear
Gap Space
How To Correctly Wind A Rodin Coil 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
RIGHT PERPETUAL MOTION MOBIUS 
CIRCUIT
LEFT PERPETUAL MOTION MOBIUS CIRCUIT
EQUAL-POTENTIAL MAJOR GROOVE
FULL WINDINGS
The Poloidal Rodin Coil 
!
The Rodin Coil is not toroidal coil but a poloidal field generating coil.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
360º ÷ 10º = 36º 
!
The Decoqubit  is a  better 
solid state, Omni-4D, 
Gyroscope that creates an 
electrical venturi localized 
space-time implosion 
which can be used as a 
nozzle for a space power 
propulsion  system. 
GYROSCOPE
!
VENTURI 
TESTING 
!
The Rodin Coil Surface Topology Expands and Contracts 
and is not a Single Gauge Winding

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
ITER 
International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor 
The most expensive scientific experiment ever built.
8
7
9
10
11
1
2
3
4
5
6
THE ITER DEVICE
The Rodin Coil is not toroidal coil but a poloidal field generating coil.
The Rodin Coil is not toroidal coil but a poloidal field generating coil.
1.Central solenoid 
2.Shield blanket 
3.Active Coil 
4.Plasma 
5.Vacuum vessel-
shield 
6.Plasma exhaust 
7.Cryostat 
8.Poloidal field coils  
9.Toroidal Field 
Coils 
10.First wall 
11.Divertor plates
!

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
THE RODIN COIL IS A B-FIELD TORSION  GENERATOR  
THAT CAN BE USED AS A SPACESHIP NOZZLE  
! FOR MORE DETAILS  
 !A POSSIBLE CURL FREE-A TRANSCEIVER 
 !LIST OF PATENTS ABOUT VECTOR POTENTIAL 
Jean-Louis Naudin, January 17th  
http://amasci.com/freenrg/tors 
These two 
magnetic field 
pictures on the 
left (bottom is a 
gif) show the 
tore located in 
the center. 
Torsion fields, 
spin fields, axion 
fields, stress 
fields, spinal 
fields, long-range 
spinors 
The Rodin Coil is a Poloidal Field Generating Coil
VACUUM SPIN FIELDS 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
! Rodin Coil Toroid Simulation Magnetic Field 
Magnetic field simulation of a Rodin Coil, Vortex 
based Mathematics with an Iron toroid inside.  
I used Comsol Multyphysics for the simulation - 
Cristian Tatu  ( Open Forum. !) 
The Rodin Coil does not require an iron core. There is also a 
 twist or inverting at the core. Because the Rodin Coil is radically 
new technology it can not be easily simulated properly. These are 
wire mesh illustrations that do not accurately model the surface 
topology and changing aspect ratio of the mobius circuits.  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
https://www.valdostamuseum.com/hamsmith/SegalConf.html#hopfibration
! Move it...
! Hopf Fibration 
None of these designs of these Rodin Coil are done to 
my specifications. Why?  Because the back-bone of the 
Mobius Circuits need to abut so as  to produce the 
Electron Harmonic Shear.   The math is correct and the 
diagrams are correct.  Everyone cuts corners because it 
is easier to use a single gauge wire which is wrong. 
! Healing Properties of the 
Rodin Coil 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins