Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
VBM PEER REVIEWS & ENDORSEMENTS  — CHAPTER 17
 
VBM Peer Reviews  
& Endorsements
RUSSELL P. BLAKE 
THOMAS BERADEN 
DR. HANS A NEIPER 
BYRON TOWNSEND

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Subject: The Rodin Coil 
To Whom It May Concern: 
Two  years  ago  I  met  Marko  Rodin  through  a  mutual  acquaintance.  Mr.  Rodin  shared 
some of his results with me at that time. It became clear to me that Mr. Rodin's work 
was  a  synthesis  of  numerical  patterns  which  had  previously  been  overlooked  by 
conventional  science  and  mathematics.   In  hopes  of  bridging  the  gap  between  Mr. 
Rodin's  discoveries  and  conventional  science,  I  put  forth  an  analytical  framework  in 
which  mathematical  formulae  generate  the  numerical  patterns  of  the  Rodin  Torus.  
These  formulae  suggested  that  the  Rodin  Torus  lies  not  just  on  the  surface  of  the 
"doughnut"  shape,  but  into  the  interior  as  well;  in  other  words,  the  Rodin  Torus  is 
three dimensional. 
This  mathematical  formulation  is  as  yet  incomplete,  and  the  physical  meaning  of 
these numerical phenomena remain unexplored still.  Yet in my career I have several 
times discovered new mathematical formulations which have led to new products.  In 
the   late   1970's   I   discovered   Atomic   Modeling   which   revolutionized   computer 
performance  modeling,  measurement,  and  sizing. In  the  early  1990's  I  discovered 
new  ways  to  express  the  time-dependent  behavior  of  program  code,  which  led  to 
reductions of program code size of 50% of the original size for all programs to which 
it was applied.  I mention these facts merely to convince the reader that my intuition 
has a history of success in the practical application of new mathematics. 
Now  I  am  completely  convinced  that  the  Rodin  Torus  will  likewise  lead  to  new  and 
revolutionary  advances  in  art  and  science.  Mr.  Rodin's  work  has  suffered  from  a  lack 
of adequate scientific attention, and I am sure that as the research momentum builds 
and  the  proper  relationship  between  the  Rodin  Torus  and  conventional  science  is 
fully  understood,  both  areas  of  endeavor  will  attain  new  heights.   I  am  very  much 
looking forward to playing a role in this adventure. 
Russell P. Blake 
Former Senior Researcher 
Microsoft Research

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Introduction 
I have reviewed previous and current 
work    on    the    theories    of    Marko 
Rodin. Mr.  Rodin  has  discovered  a 
series  of  regularities  in  the  decimal 
n u m b e r    s y s t e m    h e r e t o f o r e 
undocumented    in    mathematics.  
These patterns lay out on the surface 
and  within  the  internal  volume  of  a 
torus. 
  
A    n u m b e r    o f    s c i e n t i s t s    a n d 
engineers   have   voluntarily   joined 
with  Mr.  Rodin  over  recent  years  to 
explore    the    implications    of    his 
findings.   
  
The Rodin Coil 
The    Rodin    Coil    is    a    toroidal—or 
doughnut-shaped—form   wound   by 
wires in a pattern consistent with the 
number  patterns  discovered  by  Mr. 
Rodin.   Toroidal  shapes  wound  with 
wires    are    commonly    used    for 
inductors  in  electrical  circuits,  often 
for use in transformers.  However the 
pattern of winding in a Rodin Coil is 
radically  different  from  conventional 
toroidal  coils.   Experimenters  have 
produced    some    samples    of    the 
Rodin  Coil  to  measure  the  effects  of 
this  new  approach  to  winding  wires 
around a torus.  
  
To   understand   these   effects   it   is 
necessary   to   review   just   a   little 
electrical  theory.   When  a  current  is 
passing  through  a  wire  it  creates  a 
magnetic field    around    the    wire.  
When    a    wire    is    coiled    like    a 
c y l i n d r i c a l    s p r i n g ,    a s    t h o u g h 
wrapped    around    a    pencil,    the 
magnetic fields from the turns of the 
coil  reinforce  each  other  to  increase 
the  strength  of  the  magnetic field.  
When the coil is bent into a circle, so 
that  the  ends  meet,  the  majority  of 
the  magnetic  force  is  concentrated 
inside  the  coil.   This  is  considered  a 
benefit   in   electrical   circuit   design, 
since stray magnetic fields can upset 
the  operation  of  other  parts  of  the 
circuit. 
  
In  a  conventional  coil  the  windings 
lay  one  after  another  just  like  the 
windings of a cylindrical spring.  In a 
Rodin  Coil,  the  windings  lie  on  the 
surface  of  the  torus,  but  do  not  lie 
consecutively    adjacent    to    each 
other.   Instead  they  reach  along  the 
s u r f a c e ,    t h r o u g h    t h e    c e n t r a l , 
doughnut hole area, and 30 degrees 
short   of   directly   across   the   torus.  
This  forms,  in  addition  to  the  wires 
on  the  outer  surface,  a  crisscrossing 
circle  of  wires  in  the  center  of  the 
torus.   (The  central figure  formed  by 
the  wires  in  the  doughnut  hole  is 
really a polygon of 24 sides for each 
completed wrap of the coil: so many 
sides it is considered a circle.)   
  
Due to the central circle of wires in a 
Rodin  Torus,   it   naturally   creates   a 
greatly  increased  magnetic field  in 
the    center    of    the    torus,    when 
compared   to   a   conventional   coil 
wound   with   the   same   amount   of 
wire.  In addition the field generated 
is much more coherent, in the sense 
of  being  much  more  sensitive  to  a 
particular    frequency    of    applied 
current.   These  properties  are  the 
basis  for  useful  applications  of  the 
Rodin    Coil,    as    well    as    for    any 
limitations in its use. 
  
All  this  having  been  said,  it  is  worth 
noting that no one has as yet created 
a  coil  precisely  conforming  to  Mr. 
Rodin’s  exacting  recommendations, 
all    of    which    derive    from    the 
n u m e r i c a l    p a t t e r n s    h e    h a s 
discovered  in  the  decimal  number 
system.   The  effects  of  a  really  well 
constructed    Rodin    Coil    remain 
untested. 
Evolutionary Applications 
There   are   a   number   of   practical 
applications  of  the  Rodin  Coil  that 
h a v e    t h e    p o t e n t i a l    ( n o    p u n 
intended)  for  producing  new,  more 
effic i e n t    e l e c t r i c a l    d e v i c e s .  
Producing   these   devices   seems   to 
require   in   some   cases   significant 
e n g i n e e r i n g    e f f o r t ,    b u t    n o 
revolutionary    scientific    discoveries 
beyond   what   is   known   to   date.  
These seem at first glance to fall into 
two  distinct  categories:  motors  and 
antennae;   other   possibilities   may 
also exist. 
  
Before  enumerating  these  practical 
possibilities,    we    should    mention 
that they all require using the Rodin 
Coil in a more or less conventional
Analysis of the Rodin Coil and its Applications — Russell P. Blake

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
fashion.   We  do  not  intend  here  to 
describe  in  complete  detail  how  a 
Rodin   Coil   is   wrapped,   as   this   is 
covered to some extent in supporting 
documentation.     ( D e t a i l e d 
engineering    work    on    Rodin    Coil 
design    specification    still    needs 
attention.)   Here  we  only  wish  to 
point  out  that  in  a  “real”  Rodin  Coil, 
there  are  two  wires  used  to  form  the 
wrap;   these   are   not   connected   to 
each  other,  but  rather  each  wire  is 
connected to itself to complete a loop 
at the end of the wrap.  Thus there is 
no way to extract current directly from 
these   wires   or   to   energize   them 
directly  with  an  external  current.   In 
t h i s    s e c t i o n    o n    E v o l u t i o n a r y 
Applications  we  divert  from  the  strict 
Rodin  Coil  design,  and  energize  the 
coils  in  a  more  conventional  fashion, 
by  connecting  the  ends  of  the  two 
loops to one or two current sources or 
sinks,  so  we  can  utilize  and  measure 
the coil’s properties along the lines of 
conventional   electrical   engineering.  
In  the  next  section,  on  Revolutionary 
Applications, we revert to the true coil 
design as envisioned by Mr. Rodin. 
Motors 
The  increase  in  magnetic field  over  a 
conventional coil that is found with a 
Rodin  Coil  has  been  observed  to  be 
limited if the hollow torus is replaced 
b y    t h e    f e r r i t e    c o r e    u s e d    i n 
conventional   electric   motors.   The 
reason  is  that  the  ferrite  core  reaches 
magnetic   saturation,   beyond   which 
no  additional  magnetic field  can  be 
produced.   Assuming  this  difficulty 
can  be  overcome  by  judicious  choice 
of core materials, or that hollow cores 
can produce enough current, a motor 
based  on  the  Rodin  Coil  could  be 
m a r k e d l y    m o r e    e ffic i e n t    a t 
generating  electrical  energy  than  a 
conventionally    constructed    electric 
motor.   (The  possibility  of  a  hollow 
core  electric  motor  is  exciting  due  to 
the  light  weight  of  such  a  design.)  
Under   this   assumption,   Rodin   Coil 
motors    would    be    useful    in    any 
a p p l i c a t i o n    w h e r e    e n e r g y 
consumption  must  be  limited,  such 
as    marine,    caravan,    and    space 
environments  where  available  power 
sources  are  restricted;  high  pollution 
zones  where  fossil  fuel  consumption 
must    be    conserved;    isolated    or 
unmanned  stations  with  limited  fuel 
capacity   and   refueling   difficulties; 
a n d    p o r t a b l e    m o t o r - d r i v e n 
equipment    of    every    description 
where battery weight is an issue. 
  
No  work  has  yet  been  done  to  create 
a   motor   using   a   Rodin   Coil   as   a 
building block.   
  
All of the work on Rodin Coils to date 
has  been  with  2D  coils  wrapped  on 
the  surface  of  a  torus.   Starting  with 
the  fact  that  the  numerical  patterns 
of  the  Rodin  Torus  has  resulted  in 
more efficient 2D coils, one can easily 
surmise that a layered torus wrapped 
in  3D would  achieve  an  even  much 
higher  efficiency.   No  work  has  yet 
been done on 3D toroidal coils. 
  
Antennae 
Rodin Coil antennae would be useful 
in  any  application  where  sensitivity 
to    a    particular    frequency    was 
important,  and  the  form-factor  of  the 
Rodin  Coil  was  acceptable.  Portable 
communication  devices  for  use  in  a 
wide  variety  of  applications  should 
benefit, since power requirements for 
boosting  the  antenna  signals  should 
be   greatly   reduced   from   standard 
antenna   designs.    By   varying   the 
points  at  which  the  coil  is  tapped,  it 
may  be  possible  to  tune  the  antenna 
t o    a    w i d e    r a n g e    o f    d e s i r e d 
frequencies.   
  
Work   has   been   done   in   this   area 
already,   with   significant   successes 
reported.   
  
No  work  has  been  done  using  3D 
Rodin Tori for antennae. 
Transformers 
It    might    be    possible    to    arrange 
multiple  Rodin  Coils  so  as  to  take 
advantage of the increased magnetic 
field  at  the  center.   This  could  result 
in    more    efficient,    lower    weight 
transformers.   
  
Use   of   Rodin   Coil   transformers   in 
standard   electrical   circuits   may   be 
difficult,    however,    since    the    very 
presence  of  the  increase  in  magnetic 
field   might   cause   a   problem   with 
other  circuit  elements.   Significant 
shielding  of  Rodin  Coil  transformers 
would be required in any application 
involving  multiple  circuits,  such  as  a 
radio receiver.  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Electromagnets 
There  are  a  variety  of  applications  for 
large  electromagnets.   These  include 
mundane  applications  such  as  cargo 
transfer,    scrap    iron    handling,    and 
monorails,  as  well  as  the  more  exotic 
fields   such   as   particle   accelerators, 
magnetic    cannon,    and    ion    beam 
sources   (including   ion   beam   space 
drives.)   Rodin  Coil  electromagnets 
would  presumably  produce  a  higher 
magnetic field   than   an   equivalent 
conventional  electromagnet,  possibly 
benefiting  these  applications  if  form 
factor  issues  can  be  overcome.   New 
applications   may   also   be   possible, 
since  the  orientation  of  the  magnetic 
field  is  perpendicular  to  the field  of 
conventional coils. 
Revolutionary Applications 
Various   researchers   have   seen   the 
Rodin  coil  as  a  solution  to  interesting 
problems   in   their   diverse   areas   of 
expertise.   Some  of  these  ideas  have 
little support in conventional scientific 
thinking.    Nonetheless   there   are 
interesting  possibilities  which,  should 
they   bear   fruit,   would   unlock   new 
technologies.   
  
The  most  compelling  of  these  is  the 
notion of a point energy source, or the 
extraction  of  energy  from  a  vacuum.  
To most of us reared on the wisdom of 
conventional  science,  this  is  a  fairly 
outlandish   idea.    One   researcher, 
however,    has    presented    detailed 
citations  from  a  variety  of  physicists 
who   support   the   notion,   and   base 
their  support  on  what  at first  blush 
appear    to    be    both    established 
scientific  experimental  evidence,  and 
sound theoretical principles.   
If  this  idea  were  to  bear  fruit,  it  would 
usher   in   a   new   age   of   technology 
surpassing  those  brought  on  by  such 
inventions  as  the  steam  engine,  the 
internal  combustion  engine,  and  the 
electric  power  generator.   It  would 
surpass   those   important   inventions 
because  no  fuel  would  be  consumed 
in   the   creation   of   energy;   instead, 
ambient  energy  would  be  focused  on 
the desired application.   
Theoretical Issues 
Although considerable effort has been 
expended    on    diagramming    the 
numerological  patterns  in  Mr.  Rodin’s 
findings, little effort has been made in 
a  number  of  areas  which  need  further 
examination  before  the  importance  of 
the findings are fully comprehended.   
  
For example research shows that there 
are  6  different  combinations  of  series, 
w h i c h    p r o d u c e    d i s t i n c t 
implementations   of   Rodin’s   toroidal 
pattern   in   2   dimensions.    Nothing 
however    indicates    the    physical 
meaning,  if  any,  of  thinking  in  terms 
of one series or another.   
  
Additionally  it  remains  unknown  how 
many   different   ways   there   are   to 
enumerate  these  series  into  3D  tori.  
Three  such  combinations  have  been 
enumerated, but it is unknown if there 
are  more,  and  if  so,  how  many.   Also, 
as  with  2D  tori,  it  is  not  known  what 
the   physical   implications   of   these 
various ways of building 3D tori are. 
  
Fi n a l l y,    n o t h i n g    h a s    y e t    b e e n 
accomplished  which  links  Mr.  Rodin’s 
patterns    to    conventional    scientific 
theories.   The  fact  that  utilizing  this 
pattern   does   result   in   effective   coil 
design  is  probably  not  an  accident, 
but  there  remains  an  enormous  gap 
between  what  is  considered  “known 
science” and Mr. Rodin’s patterns.  This 
r e m a i n s    t r u e    i n    s p i t e    o f    t h e 
application  of  these  patterns  to  such 
diverse   areas   as   plant   growth   and 
musical  harmonics.   Until  a  clear  link 
between  the  Rodin  Torus  and  known 
scientific  theory  is  established,  it  may 
prove    difficult    to    bring    the    full 
attention of the conventional scientific 
community   to   bear   on   solving   any 
remaining problems. 
  
These  points  are  raised  not  to  criticize 
a field  in  its  infancy,  but  to  illustrate 
the  rich  arena  of  study  that  remains 
immediately   accessible   to   research.  
Doubtless   any   discoveries   made   in 
answering  these  questions  will  result 
in new areas of study to explore.  
Prognosis 
This    report,    and    the    supporting 
documentation  on  experiments  using 
the  Rodin  Coil,  should  be  submitted 
for   review   by   a   panel   of   technical 
experts   from   the fields   of   electric 
motor,    antenna,    transformer,    and 
e l e c t r o m a g n e t    d e s i g n    a n d 
manufacture.  If these industry experts 
agree  in  principle  with  the  prospects 
for Evolutionary Applications, there are 
suffic i e n t    i m m e d i a t e    p r a c t i c a l 
applications    of    the    Rodin    Coil    to 
warrant the expenditure of funds. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
"Thus each element is locked into place by being a member of no less than 6 series at once.  
This is no small amount of regularity!” 
“It is also interesting to conjecture that a 4d or higher dimensional torus might exist.” 
“These patterns lay out on the surface and within the internal volume of a torus.” 
“A motor based on the Rodin Coil could be markedly more efficient at generating electrical 
energy than a conventionally constructed electric motor.” 
“The possibility of a hollow core electric motor is exciting due to the light weight of such a 
design.” 
“There are a variety of new applications possible for Rodin Coil electromagnets, since the 
orientation of the magnetic field is perpendicular to the field of conventional coils.” 
RUSSELL P. BLAKE - Quotes
This  is  so  much  the  case  that  funding 
should  be  considered  more  a  venture 
capital   investment   than   a   charitable 
donation   to   a   worthy   cause,   worthy 
though it may be.   
  
In   this   case   the   strategic   order   of 
business  is  clear.   First  develop  the 
m o s t    p r o m i s i n g    e v o l u t i o n a r y 
applications  into  marketable  products.  
Use  the  profits  from  these  products  to 
fund  both  less  accessible  evolutionary 
p r o d u c t    d e v e l o p m e n t ,    a n d    a l s o 
theoretical  
research  and  Revolutionary  Application 
development.   Should  the  latter  bear 
fruit, the potential technological impact 
is, as previously discussed, enormous. 
  
A  detailed  Business  Plan,  including  the 
usual pro  forma financial  statements, 
should  determine  the  precise  level  of 
funding required. 
  
If  the  industry  experts  conclude  that 
there    are    no    evolutionary    practical 
applications   of   the   Rodin   Coil,   due 
perhaps to issues of manufacturing cost 
o r    i n s u r m o u n t a b l e    a p p l i c a t i o n 
difficulties,    then    the    effort    would 
perforce    become    somewhat    more 
speculative.   The  more  Revolutionary 
Applications    of    the    design    would 
remain  to  be  explored,  along  with  the 
more    theoretical    questions    posed 
above. Nonetheless, although the effort 
might   lose   some   of   the   self-funding 
appeal  of  the  venture  capital  approach, 
the   potential   technological   impact   is 
still  enormous.   And  that  goal  may  be 
achieved  more  rapidly,  since  the  effort 
would,  at  the  outset,  be  focused  on  the 
ultimate  objective,  rather  than  giving 
priority    to    the    more    immediate 
concerns surrounding the development 
of   a   self-propelled   start-up   business 
enterprise. 
  
In   either   case   the   effort   requires   a 
strong  business  manager  of  competent 
scientific   training.    The   setting   of 
priorities and the proper sequencing of 
the   research   efforts,   along   with   the 
timely   and   appropriate   expansion   of 
research and development staff, require 
all  the  skills  normally  found  in  a  high-
tech   start-up   entrepreneur.    This   is 
essential   for   a   proper   utilization   of 
funds  devoted  to  the  effort,  as  well  as 
the most rapid development of results.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
RUSSELL P. BLAKE RESUME
Microsoft Corporation 
(10/1/88-1/3/96) Senior Researcher, 
Advanced Technology (9/93-1/96). 
 Develop performance tools for 
optimizing all Microsoft products.  
Develop a Decision Theoretic system for 
the automatic detection of bottlenecks 
in computer systems (US patent 
pending).  Systems Performance 
Manager, Advanced Operating Systems 
(10/88-9/93). Build and lead team for 
benchmarking, analysis, and tools for 
OS/2 and Windows NT performance 
optimization.  Invent and co-develop 
Windows NT Performance Monitor.  
Invent Windows NT Code Profiler, 
Working Set Tuner (US Patent), and 
Synthetic Performance Test Bed (US 
Patent).  Create the Winstone industry 
standard benchmark. Author the book 
Optimizing Windows NT: over 100,000 
copies sold, translated into French, 
German, and Chinese.  
  
Sun Microsystems, Inc. 
(1/87-10/88) Director of Operations, 
Software Products Division.  Architect & 
create a department to handle software 
quality, release, publications, and 
facilities during explosive growth from 2 
to 140 employees.  Develop software life 
cycle process.  Work with AT&T to 
develop a unified version of Unix.   
  
Adaptive Intelligence Corp. 
(8/84-1/87) Vice President, 
Engineering.  Manage software, 
electrical, and mechanical engineering 
to complete the construction of a high-
precision assembly robot.  Manage 
manufacturing, facilities, and field 
service for the construction of unique, 
high technology, turnkey automation 
systems. 
  
Solaris Computer Corp (7/83-8/84) 
Vice President, Software Development.  
Recruit and manage a cohesive team of 
strong software professionals.  
Participate in corporate planning, 
including strategies, organization, 
philosophy, benefits, and departmental 
budgeting. 
Tandem Computers, Inc. 
(8/77-7/83) Manager of Software 
Performance Quality, Future Systems 
Division.  Design and implement the 
Xray Performance Monitor for a closely 
coupled, non-stop, expandable, multiple 
computer system.  Design and lead 
development of the Envision Synthetic 
Workload Generator for system sizing.  
Design and develop language for 
predicting system size, and for 
evaluating and partitioning advanced 
designs.  Build teams to assure 
performance and quality of new 
systems. 
  
Hewlett Packard (1/73-8/77) Project 
Manager, Performance Modeling and 
Analysis.  Build team and design plan 
for quality assurance of new operating 
system.  Design and implement 
spooling facility as part of the system.  
Develop integrated batch/timeshare 
scheduling system for processor and 
virtual memory. 
MS Computer Science (1972) 
University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 
  
BA Philosophy (1969) Antioch 
College, Yellow Springs, OH 
  
RUSSELL P. BLAKE PUBLICATIONS 
“Method and System for Automatic 
Bottleneck Detection”, US Patent 
awarded November 1999, US Patent 
6,067,412, May 2000. 
  
“Method and System for Determining an 
Optimal Placement Order for Code 
Portions Within a Module”, US Patent 
5,752,038, May 1998. 
  
“Method and System for Simulating the 
Execution of a Computer Program”, US 
Patent 5,574,854, November 1996. 
  
“Automating Detection of Bottlenecks in 
Computer Systems”, Proceedings of the 
Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial 
Intelligence, Montreal, August 1995. 
Optimizing Windows NT, Microsoft Press, 
Redmond, 1993, 581 pp.; 2
nd
 ed. 1995, 
660pp. 
  
“Optimal Control of Thrashing”, 
Proceedings of the ACM Conference On 
Measurement and Modeling of 
Computer Systems, Seattle, August 
1982.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
“Xray: Instrumentation for Multiple 
Computers”, Proceedings of the 
International Symposium on Computer 
Performance Modeling, Measurement, 
and Evaluation, Toronto, May 1980. 
  
“TAILOR: A Simple Model That Works”, 
Proceedings of the ACM Conference On 
Simulation, Measurement, and Modeling 
of Computer Systems, Boulder, August 
1979. 
“Exploring a Stack Architecture”, 
Computer, Vol. 10, No. 5, May 1977; 
reprinted  
in Advanced Microprocessors and High-
Level Language Architecture, IEEE 
Computer Society, Los Angeles, 1986; 
2
nd
. Ed. 1988. 
  
“Tuning an Operating System for General 
Purpose Use”, Computer Performance 
Evaluation, The Chemeleon Press, Ltd., 
London, 1979. 
“Exploring a Stack Architecture”, 
Computer, Vol. 10, No. 5, May 1977; 
reprinted  
in Advanced Microprocessors and High-
Level Language Architecture, IEEE 
Computer Society, Los Angeles, 1986; 
2
nd
. Ed. 1988. 
  
“Tuning an Operating System for General 
Purpose Use”, Computer Performance 
Evaluation, The Chemeleon Press, Ltd., 
London, 1979. 
RUSSELL P. BLAKE  
Microsoft Corporation 
(10/1/88-1/3/96) Senior Researcher, 
Advanced Technology (9/93-1/96). 
 Develop performance tools for 
optimizing all Microsoft products.  
Develop a Decision Theoretic system for 
the automatic detection of bottlenecks in 
computer systems (US patent pending).  
Systems Performance Manager, 
Advanced Operating Systems 
(10/88-9/93). Build and lead team for 
benchmarking, analysis, and tools for OS/
2 and Windows NT performance 
optimization.  Invent and co-
develop Windows NT Performance 
Monitor.  Invent Windows NT Code 
Profiler, Working Set Tuner (US Patent), 
and Synthetic Performance Test Bed (US 
Patent).  Create the Winstone industry 
standard benchmark. Author the book 
Optimizing Windows NT: over 100,000 
copies sold, translated into French, 
German, and Chinese.  
  
Sun Microsystems, Inc. (1/87-10/88) 
Director of Operations, Software Products 
Division.  Architect & create a department 
to handle software quality, release, 
publications, and facilities during 
explosive growth from 2 to 140 
employees.  Develop software life cycle 
process.  Work with AT&T to develop a 
unified version of Unix.   
  
Adaptive Intelligence Corp. 
(8/84-1/87) Vice President, 
Engineering.  Manage software, 
electrical, and mechanical engineering to 
complete the construction of a high-
precision assembly robot.  Manage 
manufacturing, facilities, and field service 
for the construction of unique, high 
technology, turnkey automation systems. 
  
Solaris Computer Corp (7/83-8/84) 
Vice President, Software Development.  
Recruit and manage a cohesive team of 
strong software professionals.  Participate 
in corporate planning, including 
strategies, organization, philosophy, 
benefits, and departmental budgeting. 
Tandem Computers, Inc. (8/77-7/83) 
Manager of Software Performance 
Quality, Future Systems Division.  Design 
and implement the Xray Performance 
Monitor for a closely coupled, non-stop, 
expandable, multiple computer system.  
Design and lead development of the 
Envision Synthetic Workload Generator 
for system sizing.  Design and develop 
language for predicting system size, and 
for evaluating and partitioning advanced 
designs.  Build teams to assure 
performance and quality of new systems. 
Hewlett Packard (1/73-8/77) Project 
Manager, Performance Modeling and 
Analysis.  Build team and design plan for 
quality assurance of new operating 
system.  Design and implement spooling 
facility as part of the system.  Develop 
integrated batch/timeshare scheduling 
system for processor and virtual memory. 
MS Computer Science (1972) 
University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 
  
BA Philosophy (1969) Antioch 
College, Yellow Springs, OH 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
RUSSELL P. BLAKE PUBLICATIONS 
“Method and System for Automatic 
Bottleneck Detection”, US Patent 
awarded November 1999, US Patent 
6,067,412, May 2000. 
  
“Method and System for Determining 
an Optimal Placement Order for Code 
Portions Within a Module”, US Patent 
5,752,038, May 1998. 
  
“Method and System for Simulating the 
Execution of a Computer Program”, US 
Patent 5,574,854, November 1996. 
  
“Automating Detection of Bottlenecks in 
Computer Systems”, Proceedings of the 
Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial 
Intelligence, Montreal, August 1995. 
Optimizing Windows NT, Microsoft 
Press, Redmond, 1993, 581 pp.; 2
nd
 ed. 
1995, 660pp. 
  
“Optimal Control of Thrashing”, 
Proceedings of the ACM Conference On 
Measurement and Modeling of 
Computer Systems, Seattle, August 
1982. 
  
“Xray: Instrumentation for Multiple 
Computers”, Proceedings of the 
International Symposium on Computer 
Performance Modeling, Measurement, 
and Evaluation, Toronto, May 1980. 
  
“TAILOR: A Simple Model That Works”, 
Proceedings of the ACM Conference On 
Simulation, Measurement, and 
Modeling of Computer Systems, 
Boulder, August 1979.
 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
There  exists  a  valid  Electromagnetic  mechanism  that  will  produce  the effects reported  in  the 
article to follow and other similar effects as well. It is not magic, but electromagnetics of a special 
kind. 
Simply, the magnetic vector potential A is "defined" by the equation B = VxA. If you "choke off" 
or  "kill"  the  Vx  operator  (which  is  called  the  "curl"  operator),  then  this  leaves  the  curt-free  A-
potential to move out on its own, without being tied to a magnetic force field (i.e., to a B-field) 
as  it  almost  always  otherwise  is.  In  other  words,  one  has  tom  the  potential  away  from  its 
associated   force field,   and   the   potential   propagates   independently   in   space.   However, 
anything  you  place  in  the  path  of  that  curl-free  A-potential  to  interact  with  it,  that  will  once 
again permit the Vx operator to occur, will provide you a normal magnetic force field (B-field) 
again.  Since  the  Vx  usually  occurs  in,  say,  something  like  a  coil  or  wrapping  of  a  conductor, 
then you get the E-field induced also, by the time rate of change of the A-potential, so that you 
wind  up  with  a  normal  EM field  containing  both  E  and  B fields.  The  E-field  occurs  by  the 
interaction  of  E  =  -  aA)'t.  One  of  the  great  promises  of  curl-free  A-field  utilization  is  that  it 
propagates into and through media in which normal EM transmission is difficult or impossible, 
as pointed out in the Gelinas patents. 
Obviously if you hold all the B-field inside the coils of the torus, and then put something else in 
the center region outside the coils, you can get some additional potential and field energy there 
in the center works. You can also get similar propagation outside the coil, with effects on distant 
objects. 
Rodin  is  apparently  going  by  elementary  electricity  concepts  but  augmented  by  excellent 
native  intuition.  What  he  really  is  doing  is  attempting  to  separate  the  A-potential  (i.e.,  the 
magnetic  vector  potential  A)  from  the  B field,  and  utilize  the  curl-free  A-potential  as  an 
independent field  of  nature  in  the  central  "crossover"  region.  It  is  known  in  physics  that  this  is 
possible  ;  the  well  known  Aharonov-Bohm  effect  depends  upon  precisely  this  separation.  It 
appears that neither Ramsay nor Rodin are aware that a tightly-wound torus performs this' "curl-
free" separation of the A-potential, by trapping the B-field inside the coiled wiring, so that in a 
very  good  torus  coil  most  of  the  B-field  can  be  contained  within  the coil,  and the  curl-free  A-
potential  will  still  radiate  from  the  coil  (both  to  its  inside  or  center  space  and  outside  and 
beyond into space.). 
A  great  deal  of  work  on  this  use  of  the  "curl-free  A-field"  was  done  by  Gelinas,  who  patented 
several patents in this area which were assigned to Honeywell, Inc., the firm for which he worked 
at the time. Professor William Tiller of Stanford University is also a noted and highly competent 
advocate  of  the  curl-free  A-field.  In  the  late  70s  and  early  80s,  Bill  Tiller,  Frank  Golden  and  I 
worked  on  curl-free  A-potential  antennas,  and  Golden  built  dozens  of  curl-free  A-field  coil 
antenna variants.
Introduction to Rodin Coil Design by Thomas Bearden 
®Copyright 1996 by Col. Thomas Bearden, Associate 
Editor Alternative Energy Research

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
One of the most interesting variants he built was quite similar to Ramsay's buildup of the Rodin coil. 
Simply,  he  built  a  coil  embodiment  of  the  diagrammatic geometry  for  a  "twistor"  that  was 
shown  by  Roger  Penrose. That  coil  antenna  exhibited  about  what  Ramsay  and Rodin  are 
reporting,  and  dramatically  extended  the  communication  range  of  a  small  CB  radio 
from, say, its nominal 114 mile to about 20 miles or more. The A-potential from a dipole 
antenna  falls  off  about  inversely  as  the square of  the  distance,  while  the  normal  B-field 
falls off about inversely as the cube of the distance. There is one other fact that deepens 
the   curl-free   A-potential   phenomenon: Any   vector field can   be   replaced   by 
(mathematically decomposed into) two scalar fields; for the proof, see Whittaker 1904. 
With   some   difficulty   one   can   even   "assemble"   a   curl-free   A-potential   from   two 
multifrequency transmitter arrays that transmit two harmonic series of wavepairs, where 
each  wavepair  consists  of  a  normal  EM  wave  and  its  true  phase  conjugate  (for  the 
proof,  see Whittaker  1903).  Each  of  the  arrays  transmits  one  of  the  scalar fields  (scalar 
waves)  that  together  comprise  the  curl-free  A-potential.  So  the  curl-free  A-potential  is 
actually  a  part  of  the Stoney/Whittaker  scalar  electromagnetics  I  have so  long 
advocated. At any rate, Rodin and Ramsay should certainly continue their research and 
experimentation. 
 
References (from about  300  or  more  pertinent  papers  in  the  literature): 1.  Raymond  C.  Gelinas,  U.S. 
Patent No. 4,429,280, "Apparatus and Method for Demodulation of  a Modulated Curl-Free Magnetic 
Vector  Potential Field"  Jan. 31,1984.2.  Raymond  C.  Gelinas,  U.S.  Patent  No.  4,429,288,  "Apparatus 
and Method for Modulation of  a Curl-Free Magnetic Vector Potential Field." Jan. 31, 1984. 
 
3.  Raymond  C.  Gelinas,  U.S.  Patent  No.  4,432,098,  "Apparatus  and  Method  for  Transfer  of  
Information by Means of  a Curl-Free Magnetic Vector Potential Field." Feb. 14,1984. 
 
4.  Raymond  C.  Gelinas,  U.S.  Patent  No.  4,447,  779,  "Apparatus  and  Method  for  Determination  of   a 
Receiving  Device  Rrlative  to  a  Transmitting  Device  Utilizing  a  Curl-Free  Magnetic  Vector  Potential 
Field." May 8, 1984. 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
DEUTSCHE GESELLSCHAFT FUR ONKOLOGIE e.V. 
German Society of Oncology 
Dear Mr. Rodin, 
I consider your paper of extreme importance. 
To me your conclusions are very likely. 
I recommend your paper for publication in the 
GERMAN JOURNAL OF ONCOLOGY. 
Please keep me informed of your further work. 
Sincerely, 
 
Dr. Hans A Neiper 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Dr. Hans A Nieper 
Dr.   Hans   Nieper,   world   renown   cancer   doctor   and   former   physician   to 
President Reagan, invited Rodin to submit a paper to the prestigious medical 
journal he is president of because he believed in Rodin ́s work; Dr. Jonas Salk, 
offered  to  be  Rodin ́s  personal  physician  and  told  him  his  work  was  so 
advanced he ́d never complete it in his lifetime unless he cloned himself; Prof. 
Scot C. Nelson, University of Hawaii, “In my opinion, the Rodin Coil may have 
more  than  just  unusual  or  interesting  electromagnetic  properties.  Mr.  Rodin's 
model  is  a  new  way  to  look  at  the  relationship  between  music,  mathematics, 
and   the   structure   of   plants   and   animals.   I   believe   that   a   study   of   the 
relationship between energy and matter could start by applying the principles 
of the Rodin Torus model and Rodin's “Vortex Based Mathematics” I was able 
to   arrive   at   an   independent   and   scientifically   valid   confirmation   of   the 
mathematical  principles  that  form  the  basis  of  the  Rodin  Torus  model.”    Sal 
Rosenthal, inventor and patent holder of the tuberculosis test, regularly invited 
Rodin to participate in his California think tank. 
http://www.markorodin.com/

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
O SON OF MAN! 
Veiled in My immemorial being and in the 
ancient eternity of My essence, I knew My 
love for thee; therefore I created thee, have 
engraved on thee Mine image and 
revealed to thee My beauty.
 - The Hidden Words of Baha'u'llah

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Subject: Letter of Recommendation from B Townsend / The Rodin Coil 
Date: Sat, 5 Jan 2002 14:14:53 EST 
                                                                               
 December 28, 2001         
To whom it may concern,   
For  millennia,  humankind  has  been  fascinated  by  the  unique  powers  numbers    possess.  
Like Plato and his predecessors, the philosophers of Nature were especially interested in 
the  distinctive  quality  of  a  number  rather  than  its  sole     quantitative  attributes.     Their 
instinctive  curiosity  and  contemplation  on     abstract  number's  role  in  the  phenomenal 
world  delivered  to  them  the  secrets  Nature  had  once  concealed.  New  discoveries  and 
applications   offered   humanity        the   opportunity   to   formalize   the   cornerstones   of 
civilization:  agriculture,    architecture,  art  and  music,  calendrics  and  celestial  navigation, 
language,     law,  mathematics  and  geometry,  science,  weights  and  measures,  and  the  
capacity  to  become  self-organizing.      In  the  modern  world,  however,  a  number  is 
esteemed  mainly  for  its  arithmetical  capacity  rather  than  its  underlying     significance.  
Fortunately, the ancient art and tradition of philosophy has   preserved the noble science 
of  numerology:  the  search  for  the  hidden  meaning    in  numbers.    It  is  to  this  realm,  that 
Marco Rodin serves as a conduit for  the archaic institution of the number theorist.   
Mr.  Rodin,  similar  to  a  present-day  Pythagoras,  has  rediscovered  some  of  the  inherent 
behaviors  in  numbers,  their  relationships  to  the  sensory  experience    in  conjunction  with 
living  systems,  and  their  possible  implications  and     applications  to  the  challenges  of 
today's  growing  global  culture.    His    musings  in  modulo  nine  and  binary  mathematics 
combined with the involuting,  evoluting, and revoluting of the toroidal sphere offers new 
insights  into  the     organization  and  characteristics  of  dynamic  systems.     The  potential 
scope  and     breadth  of  these  revelations  is  universally  applicable  in  science,  biology, 
medicine, genetics, astronomy, chemistry, computer science, and physics.   Marko Rodin's 
ability  to  recognize  the  obscured  patterns  within  number  is    with  merit  and  can  assist 
those  inclined  to  utilize  such  information  regardless  of  their  profession  or  its  particular 
usage.  His subject material  is multi-disciplinary, multifaceted, and sure to pique the fancy 
and  imagination of anyone curious enough to peruse Mr. Rodin's material.   Consider, for 
a  moment,  his  intuitively  conceived  winding  of  the  toroidal  shaped  "Rodin  Coil"  that  is 
experimentally  verified  60%  more  efficient  than     the  conventional  coil  wrap.     This  is 
synergy: "the behavior of whole systems  unpredicted by the behavior of their parts taken 
separately."    I  sincerely    urge  the  reader  to  examine  Mr.  Rodin's  theories  and  insights  to 
their  discretion and pleasure.   
Thank you very much for your consideration.   
Byron Townsend  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
L
et Science to Sage take you on a scienti!c and mystical journey where 
the sciences, spirituality, world philosophies, and ancient wisdom fuse. 
Explore  with leading-edge scientists, innovative thinkers, mathematicians, mystics and artists 
from around the world.  
What sets Science to Sage apart? 
Our rich visual weave and imagery makes complex ideas accessible.  Each edition is themed, and 
likened to the renaissance, we bridge disciplines  so you can witnesses the interconnections of 
ALL things. 
Imagine the Creator as a scientist and his/her toolbox is the  physical elements. They include 
water, earth, air, and !re. In modern science, they !nd form in liquids, solids, gases, and plasma. 
They are expressions of the same things.   
These elements are the building blocks of universes, from minuscule interatomic distances to the 
vastness of galactic arrays.  ALL, including us,  are made from stardust. 
Within this cyclical weave of elements is a connected tapestry which evolves geometry, chemistry, 
biology, and physics — this is our living matrix and the byproduct is the beauty we see. 
Rediscover the our human story. It has been hidden in plane view.  Science to Sage lifted the veil.  
Editor, Researcher, and Graphic Designer 
Karen Elkins 
SCIENCE TO SAGE 
 MAGAZINE

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
•E-Magazine 
•Interviews 
•Art Gallery 
•Special Features 
TAKE THE JOURNEY 
 
Join our community of seekers and see how the dots 
connect. Select your level of joining be it our free newsletter, or 
become a member and support the journey and have access to 
over 70+ E- Magazines, 60+ Interviews and a vast  Gallery Art.  
sciencetosagemagazine.com 
 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
!
Great Radio 
Interview as a 
starter....
Interview  
Marko Rodin with Karen Elkins, Editor of Science to Sage 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
# 
Unicity 
396; 693; 396 
Organic Numbers 
Spirit Infused Machines 
Vortex Based Mathematics 
Baha'i Metaphysical Technology 
Decrypting the Most Great Name of God  
Prime Number Squared the Creation Equation 
Spirit is irresistible, penetrates everything, and is the source of all 
motion, vibration, and time. 
There exists a way to pinpoint Spirit, and to track where it is at 
any given moment. 
Spirit's power is a clean, inexhaustible resource, that can run 
machines without pollution or waste. 
Squaring prime numbers releases a quantized cascade of Omni-
dimensional Spirit from the 5th dimension. 
The Decoqubit Holographic Hypercomputer has existed 
throughout eternity, but has yet to be harnessed by mankind and 
the potential is truly astonishing! 
혌혷혦혳혺혵혩혪혯혨 혮혶혴혵 혯혦혦혥혴 혩혢혷혦 혢혯 혰혳혪혨혪혯 혢혯혥 혦혷혦혳혺 혣혶혪혭혥혪혯혨 혢 
혣혶혪혭혥혦혳. 혝혦혳혪혭혺, 혵혩혦 혞혰혳혥 혰혧 혎혰혥 혪혴 혵혩혦 혊혢혶혴혦 호혩혪혤혩 혩혢혵혩 
혱혳혦혤혦혥혦혥 혵혩혦 혤혰혯혵혪혯혨혦혯혵 호혰혳혭혥—혢 호혰혳혭혥 호혩혪혤혩 혪혴 혢혥혰혳혯혦혥 
호혪혵혩 혵혩혦 혚혱혭혦혯혥혰혳혴 혰혧 혵혩혦 혈혯혤혪혦혯혵 혰혧 혋혢혺혴, 혺혦혵 혪혴 혣혦혪혯혨 
혳혦혯혦호혦혥 혢혯혥 혳혦혨혦혯혦혳혢혵혦혥 혢혵 혢혭혭 혵혪혮혦혴. 혐혮혮혦혢혴혶혳혢혣혭혺 
혦혹혢혭혵혦혥 혪혴 혵혩혦 혎혰혥 혰혧 혞혪혴혥혰혮 혞혩혰 혩혢혵혩 혳혢혪혴혦혥 혵혩혪혴 혴혶혣혭혪혮혦 
혴혵혳혶혤혵혶혳혦.                                                —혉혢혩혢'혶'혭혭혢혩 
Baha'i Faith Deepening Classes 
https://tinyurl.com/Central-Figures 
https://tinyurl.com/Bahai-Faith-Introduction 
https://tiny.one/bahai 
https://tinyurl.com/Meet-Baha-u-llah 
https://tiny.one/Live-Chat-with-Bahai-Teachers 
 
The Baha'i Faith Scripture of the Day: 
  
The Kitab-i-Iqan 
https://tinyurl.com/34mc2yx9 
The Tablet of the Houri 
http://tinyurl.com/Tablet-of-the-Houri 
The Ode of the Dove 
http://tinyurl.com/Ode-Dove 
The Seven and the Four Valleys 
https://tinyurl.com/9344nkec 
The Hidden Words 
http://tinyurl.com/The-Hidden-Words-Part-1-2 
The Long Healing Prayer 
http://www.bahaiprayers.org/healing6.htm 
The Tablet of the Virgin 
http://tinyurl.com/The-Tablet-of-the-Virgin 
The Discourse of the Temple 
http://tinyurl.com/Sura-of-the-Temple 
The Fire Tablet 
http://tinyurl.com/The-Fire-Tablet 
God Passes By 
http://tinyurl.com/God-Passed-By 
The Dawn Breakers 
http://tinyurl.com/The-Dawn-Breakers 
https://tinyurl.com/Dawn-Breakers-Narrative 
https://tinyurl.com/Dawn-Breakers-French-Footnotes 
Baha'i Glossary 
https://goo.gl/oYMKSJ 
Prayers and Meditations 
http://tinyurl.com/Bahai-Prayers-Meditations 
The Gleanings 
 https://tinyurl.com/9rx8yn6d 
The Breath of Spirit 
https://tinyurl.com/Breath-of-Spirit 
홏홃홀 혿홀혾홊홌홐혽홄홏 홃화홋홀홍홎홋홃홀홍홀 
http://patreon.com/markorodin
decoqubit.com