Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
BASE TEN MIRRORING 
 BASE TEN MIRRORING — CHAPTER  7
 
SUPERFUILD MOBIUS CIRCUIT  
BILATERAL SYMMETRY 
PRIME NUMBERS SQUARED  
POWER OF TEN 
DIMENSIONAL COMPRESSION 
TOROIDAL NUMBER MAP 
SINE WAVE / DNA HELIX 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Superfluid Mobius Circuit 
TheThe preferred longest mean free pathway of least resistance for electrical superconductivity always 
follows  the  1-2-4-8-7-5  bounded  infinity  Mobius  Circuits.  The  3•9•6  imparts  triangulation  on  the 
quantum macroscopic level to 
the 1-2-4-8-7-5. 
God is Hiding in Plain Sight 
 
Discrete numbers reveal a masterplan, proving that we are not alone.  The Most Great Name of God (MGN) is 
Bahá’ and all of it’s 360
 
derivatives with the highest superlative case being ‘Abhá.  The Abhá kingdom is the 
invisible,  Divine,  Heavenly  world.    Abhá  translates  into  several  meanings  including  Splendor,  Wondrous, 
and  Luminous.    Bahá  means  Glory,  Light,  and Value.  It  is  though  the  agency  of  the  MGN  that  creation  was 
brought into being and is being constantly renewed. The diamond and the number 9 are all generated from 
the MGN and are vertically alined with W-axis. 
These  are  the  first  black  and  white  computer  images  ever  done  on  a  Mac  SE  around  1985  by 
Scott  Gosler  showing  the  relationship  of  the  Abhá  Cypher  Primer  to  the  Torus  Hypersphere 
where the holes must be aligned together.
Tr i a n g u l a t i o n
Diamond Grain Crystal Lattice
 There must be 
a hole at the 
center that is 
not occluded or 
overheating and 
incineration  
occurs.
The Abhá Cypher  is the Primer 
Mobius Circuit
Wings

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The  fact  that  the  base  10  decimal  system  is  exhibiting  parity  is  the  tip-off  that  decimal 
counting  numbers  have  a  direct  tie-in  connection  to  physics.  There  is  a  hidden  physical 
component    to    discrete    numbers    and    all    mathematical    functions.    Only   Vortex    Based 
Mathematics is capable of harnessing Spirit’s invisible energy which is emanating from where 
the zero is located. The Mobius Circuit is the archetypal blueprint for the shape of the Universe 
which  is  a  Decoqubit  hypersphere.  Seamless  base  number  counting  systems  must  all  be 
generated by a prime number squared which results in no rips or tears mathematically. 
BILATERAL SYMMETRY OF NUMBERS 
 IS HIDDEN IN PLAIN SIGHT 
Base 10 Mirroring 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The first   true   prime   number   is   3   that   when 
squared  (3
2
)  creates  the  Radix-10  base  number 
counting  system.  Radix-26  is  the  next  true  3D 
base  number  counting  system 
g e n e r a t e d    f r o m    5
2. 
T h e n 
Radix-50   is   the   next   true   3D 
base  number  counting  system 
generated from 7
2
.  
Any  non  prime  number  cannot 
be squared and will not produce 
a 3D fully dimensionalized base 
number    counting    system.    In 
other words these base number counting system 
will not be symmetrical on all axises.
 
Every    computer    scientist,    number    theorist, 
hacker,  and  cryptologist  has  failed  to  discover 
that  the  Decimal  system  is  of  Divine  origin  and 
there is only a hand full of true 3D base number 
counting   systems.   The   present   day   computer 
processing     systems  such  as  the 
Binary  Code  are  two  dimensional 
at  best  and  are  extremely  crude. 
Only   when   a   prime   number   is 
squared   does   the   base   number 
counting    system    become    fully 
dimensionalized and seamless on 
all   X,   Y,   Z,   and   W   Axes.   The 
Decoqubit  is  noiseless,  error-free 
and perfect. It reveals momentum 
in  numbers  and  allows  us  to  see  energy  at  work 
inside the hypersphere.
Prime Numbers Squared:  
The Creation Equation
THE TRUE ORIGIN OF THE RADIX-10 COUNTING SYSTEM
Bifurcation 
Gods VBM Primer 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
1
1
3,125
100,000
625
10,000
5
10
25
100
125
1,000
Doubling  and  halving  of  the  number  1  creates  a 
tree  with  every  new  branch  increasing  another 
zero.  This  is  known  as  2
n 
and  is  a  combinatorial 
explosion that is a 10
n 
chain reaction. To the left of 
the  number  1  is  the  content  percentage,  to  the 
right is the quantity. Halving increases a zero with 
every  step.  5/10  25/100,  125/1000,  625/10,000, 
3,125/100,000, etc . . . .                  
                           
Notice  how  even  the  powers  of  ten  horizontally 
line   up.   This   polarization   is   the   property   of 
physics.     The  1’s,  10’s,  and  100’s  are  all  being 
separated  from  one  another.  This  is  a  colander 
that  is  sifting  and  sorting  all  known  functions  of 
math.  Spirit  which  is  emanating  from  along  the 
axis  at  the  intersection  at  the  point  of  the  zero  is 
separating    and    classifying    all    mathematical 
calculations using quantum scaling.
Power 
of Ten
BIFURCATION IS A BRANCHING TREE

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Abjad  reckoning  incorporates  the  power  of  ten. 
The  decimal  system  is  of  Divine  Origin  and  has 
nothing to do with humans having 10 digits.
THE POWERS OF TEN 
IS A BRANCHING TREE 
http://xaktly.com/ScientificNotation.html

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The  Radix-10  decimal  system  is  composed  of  two  distinctly  separate 
worlds moving through space in two distinctly different manners. 
The third dimension is the 1-2-4-8-7-5 surface topology of the torus, and 
the 3•9•6 is Omni-Dimensional.  
The pumping  action  of  the  perpendicular  3•9•6 Flux-fields  causes  the 
gliding action of the 1-2-4-8-7-5 Mobius Circuits. 
Time is an irreversible ratchet on the third dimension.  
Meditate on what the poet hath written: “Wonder not, if my Best-Beloved be closer 
to me than mine own self; wonder at this, that I, despite such nearness, should still 
be so far from Him.” (Link) 
ANOTHER WORLD AND 
 ANOTHER DIMENSION
- Bahá’u’lláh - 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Clefting 
Creates 
Doubling
Everyone falsely believes that the binary code is binary. As seen in the illustration 
above  2
n 
is  on  a  triangulated  lattice  which  is  based  upon  thirds  and  is  not  a 
duality.  There  is  nothing  binary  about  the  binary  code.  The  angle  of  the  binary 
code is always 120º and 240º. The binary code is based upon thirds. 
AFTER THE 3RD DIMENSION ALL OF THE HIGHER  
DIMENSIONS BECOME COMPRESSED TOGETHER. 
Everything   compresses   into   a   seamless   hologram   and 
scales  from  micro  to  macro.  Regardless  of  size  you  always 
have  superfluidity.     This  hologram  is  in  the  shape  of  a 
hypersphere  which  is  known  as  a  torus.    What  is  unique 
and so important is that the higher dimensional Flux-fields 
are Poloidal and not toroidal.

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
THE DECOQUBIT IS PRIME NUMBER SQUARED 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
TOROIDAL NUMBER MAP 
In the base ten system we have 3 hyper-spheres which are cyclical. Vortex Based 
Mathematics  show  how  both  electric  and  the  Spirit/magnetic  are  separate  time 
frame  event  moment  of  occurrences.  Each  number  is  created  by  2  different 
numbers.  Each torus is made of the other two.  
Electricity  goes  in  opposite  counter  spiraling  directions  and  the  Spirit/magnetic 
travels along the W-axis in the form of underpinning nested vortices. 
The  Spirit/magnetic  higher  dimensional  Flux-field  is  tangental  to  the  electric 
Mobius  Circuits.  The  Flux-field  is  orthogonal  which  is  also  referred  to  by  the 
many names of perpendicular, right angle, transverse, tangental, etc. 
- Marko Rodin -  
Constructive Interference 
Major Groove Gap Space is 3 - 9 - 6 =  Red line

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
God is the Peerless, Single, Unique 
All  Prime  numbers  are  odd.  Spirit 
e m a n a t e s   i n   p r i m e   n u m b e r 
amounts.   Because   Spirit   is   the 
source  and  origin,  it  is  the  foci  and 
creative  life  force.  Everything  else 
as  a  result  including  magnetism  is 
mirrored. This mirroring is a form of 
bifurcation or clefting. The resulting 
optical   illusion   makes   everything 
appear  as  a  duality  but  in  reality 
everything is trinary.   
“For   every   action   there   are   two 
simultaneous  half  opposite  equal 
reactions   on   the   Omni-fourth 
dimension.” 
Red = Minor Groove Harmonic Shear  
Black = Major Groove Gap Space 
 
MACROCOSM SUPERPOSITION
Electricity’s Course of Travel
Original Drawings of Marko Rodin 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
THREE PHASE SHIFT EVENT MOMENT OF OCCURRENCES 
Blue = Phase Two, Left Mobius Circuit  1-2-4-8-7-5
Green = Phase Three,  Right Mobius  Circuit 5-7-8-4-2-1
Red  Line with Dots  = Equipotential Major Groove Gap Space,  
Phase One 3•9•6;  6•9•3 
Black = Solid Line Minor Groove,  Toroidal Shear 1, 7, 4 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
GOD’S CYPHER, SINE WAVE, DNA HELIX
Life is a weave that is intertwined. 
RED Line is the Equipotential 
Major Groove Gap Space  
Bio-Aetheric Template 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
SPIRIT/MAGNETISM 
So powerful is the light of unity that it can illuminate the whole earth.        
- Bahá’u’lláh

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
These sanctified Mirrors, these Day Springs of ancient glory, are, one and 
all,  the  Exponents  on  earth  of  Him  Who  is  the  central  Orb  of  the 
universe,  its  Essence  and  ultimate  Purpose.  From  Him  proceed  their 
knowledge  and  power;  from  Him  is  derived  their  sovereignty.     The 
beauty  of  their  countenance  is  but  a  reflection  of  His  image,  and  their 
revelation a sign of His deathless glory. They are the Treasuries of Divine 
knowledge,  and  the  Repositories  of  celestial  wisdom.  Through  them  is 
transmitted a grace that is infinite, and by them is revealed the Light that 
can  never  fade....  These  Tabernacles  of  Holiness, these  Primal  Mirrors 
which reflect the light of unfading glory, are but expressions of Him Who 
is  the  Invisible  of  the  Invisibles.  By  the  revelation  of  these  Gems  of 
Divine  virtue  all  the  names  and  attributes  of  God,  such  as  knowledge 
and power, sovereignty and dominion, mercy and wisdom, glory, bounty, 
and grace, are made manifest.   
— Bahá’u’lláh 
Primal Mirrors 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins