Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
THE SPIRIT
A  MYSTICAL  REVELATION FROM MARKO RODIN  
BASED ON HIS BAHÁ’I FAITH REVEALING A DIVINE CODE 
 
ANCIENT WISDOM 
 THE SPIRIT — CHAPTER 1

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Vortex Based Mathematics 
The Universe is a numeric jigsaw puzzle revealing the transfiguration 
of the face of the All-Merciful. 
SANCTIFIED MIRRORS IN A HOLOGRAPHIC UNIVERSE
— Marko Rodin

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The Central Orb of the Universe 
Houses of Worship, Temples, Cathedrals, Domes, Stargates, Portals, 
 and Wormholes are All Forms of Sacred Geometry 
These  sanctified  Mirrors,  these  Day  Springs  of  ancient  glory,  are, 
one  and  all,  the  Exponents  on  earth  of  Him Who  is  the  central  Orb 
of   the   universe,   its   Essence   and   ultimate   Purpose.   From   Him 
proceeds  their  knowledge  and  power;  from  Him  is  derived  their 
sovereignty.  The  beauty  of  their  countenance  is  but  a  reflection  of 
His image, and their revelation a sign of His deathless glory.   
Ceiling of the Taj Mahal, India
—  Bahá’u’lláh

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Rodin Coil    Coil of Life’s Energy
The Rodin Coil is a miniature atomic particle accelerator. 
1-2-4-8-7-5 is lossless inertia, 3 & 6 magnetic dipoles and 
9 is an invisible monopole centered in-between.
Revealing Life’s Living Vortex 
=
Center of Ceiling of 
the Taj Mahal, India

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
God’s Petroglyph
One  of  the  oldest  mandala  like  images  in 
the  world,  which  is  possibly  50,000  years 
old.   It is from the Cyclone Cave, Kimberly, 
Australia. Image by Colin Murty 
O  My  Well-Beloved!  Thou  hast  breathed 
Thy Breath into Me, and divorced Me from 
Mine  own  Self.  Thou  didst,  subsequently, 
decree   that   no   more   than   a   faint 
reflection,  a  mere  emblem  of  Thy  Reality 
within Me be left among the perverse and 
envious.   Behold,   how,   deluded   by   this 
emblem,  they  have  risen  against  Me,  and 
heaped  upon  Me  their  denials!  Uncover 
Thy  Self,  therefore,  O  My  Best-Beloved, 
and deliver Me from My plight.  
Thereupon a Voice replied: “I love, I  
dearly  cherish  this  emblem.  How  can  I 
consent that Mine eyes, alone, gaze upon 
this  emblem,  and  that  no  heart  except 
Mine  heart  recognize  it?  By  My  Beauty, 
which is the same as Thy Beauty! My wish 
is  to  hide Thee  from  Mine  own  eyes:  how 
much more from the eyes of men!” 
I  was  preparing  to  make  reply,  when  lo, 
the  Tablet  was  suddenly  ended,  leaving 
My  theme  unfinished,  and  the  pearl  of 
Mine utterance unstrung. 
— Bahá’u’lláh 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The All Seeing Eye is an Aperture 
from out of which Spirit Emanates 
 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Human Eye 
Dome  
Vortex Based Mathematics 
Black Hole
They ALL operate on the same principle.  — Karen Elkins
“No vision taketh in Him, but He taketh in all vision;  
He is the Subtle, the All-Perceiving.” 
  
—  Bahá’u’lláh

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
OMNI-DIMENSIONAL
These  attributes  of  God  are  not,  and  have 
never   been,   vouchsafed   specially   unto 
certain Prophets, and withheld from others. 
Nay,   all   the   Prophets   of   God,   His   well-
favored,  His  holy  and  chosen  Messengers 
are,  without  exception,  the  bearers  of  His 
names,   and   the   embodiments   of   His 
attributes. They only differ in the intensity of 
their   revelation,   and   the   comparative 
potency  of  their  light.  Even  as  He  hath 
revealed:  “Some  of  the  Apostles  We  have 
caused to excel the others.   
—  Bahá’u’lláh
Attributes of God 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
The  purpose  of  life  is  to  receive  Divine 
guidance and inspiration. The human brain 
is an antenna that communes with God. By 
t h e   n u m b e r   N i n e   b e i n g   i n   v e rt i c a l 
alignment  in  the  Abhá  Cypher  above  the 
hole there is a door that opens up. The 5th 
dimension   and   all   of   the   higher   multi-
d i m e n s i o n s   a r e   a l l   c o n t a i n e d   a n d 
c o m p re s s e d   t o g e t h e r   i n   t h e   O m n i -
d i m e n s i o n   w h i c h   i s   re p re s e n t e d   b y 
distance   and   spacial   area.   The   vertical 
a l i g n m e n t   r e v e a l s   t h e   A p e x   o f 
Consciousness. This is the highest station of 
Life in God.  
... into the Woven Light 
ALINEMENT
Divine Guidance 

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Religion,   mysticism,   metaphysics,   and 
all  of  the  prophets,  messengers,  and 
manifestations   of   God   all   knew   and 
were   always   aware   of   this   divine 
principle   of   creation   which   applies 
spiritually  as  well  as  materially  to  both 
astrophysics and  the human temple.   
Enter  the Japanese Torii or the India’s Torana 
Gateways to transformation from the mundane to the sacred.  
We are all worshiping from different perspectives the exact same thing.
 Triune Gateway Between Worlds

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Based on physics we’re living in a system of 
cycles   within   a   wheel   of   deterministic, 
fractal   repeating   patterns.   Deterministic 
means  the longest  mean  free  pathway  of 
least   resistance...   meaning   no   random 
collisions,  no  friction.  It  is  determined  by 
spirit that when we are out of alignment it is 
harder to harness true potential. By getting 
into   proper   angular   alinement   we   are 
tapping  into  the  momentum  of  Spirit,  the 
source  of  all  motion.  Through  Biophysical 
Harmonics  you  can  tap  into  the  Most  Great 
Name   of   God.   By   knowing   the   precise 
m y s t i c   i n t o n a t i o n   y o u   a r e   l i t e r a l l y 
harnessing  Spirit.  The  Mystic  Word  of  God 
is  the  source  of  Spirit.  It  is  the  Alif  which  is 
the  seat  of  the  Hamza.  In  English  this  is  the 
diacritical symbol for the Glottal Stop and is 
the breath of Life.
The  Native American Dream Catcher 
is the Living Hologram  

Copyright 2021 - Science to Sage | Karen Elkins
Diego Delso, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons